                     PRINCIPAL AGREEMENT

                                       for

        Generation Projects Construction
                                     in the

                  Electrical Power Systems Sector

                         made and entered into

                                    between

       THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS
         CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION
                    (hereinafter called "EPSCA")

                                       and

               THE IBEW
    CONSTRUCTION COUNCIL OF ONTARIO
      representing the following affiliated Local Unions
            105, 115, 120, 303, 353, 402, 530, 586,
                        773, 804, 1687
              (hereinafter called the "Union")


                     May 1, 2025 - April 30, 2030

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                              Page 1
                 EPSCA / IBEW CONSTRUCTION COUNCIL OF ONTARIO
                              GENERATION PROJECTS
                             COLLECTIVE AGREEMENT

Contents
SECTION 1 PREAMBLE ............................................................................................... 3
SECTION 2 SCOPE OF AGREEMENT ........................................................................ 3
SECTION 3 DURATION OF AGREEMENT ................................................................ 8
SECTION 4 WORK ASSIGNMENT.............................................................................. 8
SECTION 5 UNION RIGHTS AND REPRESENTATIVES ....................................... 12
SECTION 6 EMPLOYEE DESIGNATION ................................................................. 14
SECTION 7 EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/HIRING ................................................. 15
SECTION 8 HOURS OF WORK .................................................................................. 19
SECTION 9 WAGES AND PAY PROCEDURE ......................................................... 25
SECTION 10              UNION AND BENEFIT FUNDS ........................................................ 28
SECTION 11              TRAVEL AND ROOM AND BOARD ALLOWANCE ..................... 29
SECTION 12              TOOLS AND CLOTHING................................................................... 36
SECTION 13              GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATIONS ............................................. 38
SECTION 14              COMMITTEES..................................................................................... 42
SECTION 15              LUNCHROOM FACILITIES .............................................................. 44
SECTION 16              ASSOCIATION FUND ........................................................................ 44
SECTION 17              RADIATION WORK ........................................................................... 45
SECTION 18              INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT ..................................... 46
SECTION 19              STANDOFF—NUCLEAR SITES ONLY ........................................... 46
SECTION 20              EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION ........................................ 47
SECTION 21              DE NOVO ............................................................................................. 48
TOOL LIST ...................................................................................................................... 50
APPENDIX A 7 DAY COVERAGE ............................................................................... 51
APPENDIX B 7 DAY COVERAGE – NUCLEAR SITES ONLY ................................. 53
APPENDIX C NEGOTIATION FOR MAJOR REFURBISHMENTS/OUTAGES ....... 55
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #1: EMPLOYMENT REFERRALS ........................ 56
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #2 ............................................................................. 57
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #3: LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES . 58
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING # 4: CLARIFICATION NOTE ................................ 59
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #5: CLARIFICATION NOTE – REPLACEMENT
OF TRAVEL CARD MEMBERS .................................................................................... 60
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #6: BOARD ALLOWANCE ON 4 X 10 SHIFT
SCHEDULE ...................................................................................................................... 61
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #7: FOR OPG CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS
WITHIN THE GEOGRAPHIC AREA OF LOCALS 402 AND 1687 ............................ 62
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #8: 6X3 SCHEDULE – NUCLEAR ONLY ........... 63
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #9: TAXABLE ACCOMODATION BENEFIT
(TAB) ................................................................................................................................ 65
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #10: WAGE SCHEDULE – TRAINING CHECK-
OFF ................................................................................................................................... 66

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                                                    Page 2
                               SECTION 1 PREAMBLE

100                   A.    WHEREAS EPSCA is an Association formed to represent
Witnesseth                  Employers engaged in construction industry work in the
                            electrical power systems sector in collective bargaining and
                            on their behalf enter into collective agreements covering
                            those of their employees in the bargaining unit as hereinafter
                            defined; and

                            WHEREAS the Union, as defined in the covering page of
                            this Collective Agreement, has in its membership competent,
                            skilled and qualified journeypeople and apprentices to
                            perform work coming within the trade and craft jurisdiction;
                            and

                            WHEREAS EPSCA and the Union desire to mutually
                            establish and stabilize wages, hours and working conditions
                            for journeypeople and apprentices employed by Employers
                            within the electrical power systems sector of the construction
                            industry, and further, to encourage closer co-operation and
                            understanding between EPSCA and the Union to the end that
                            a satisfactory, continuous and harmonious relationship will
                            exist between the parties to this Agreement.

                            NOW THEREFORE, EPSCA and the Union mutually agree
                            that the working conditions as set out below shall be
                            applicable throughout the Province of Ontario.



                       SECTION 2 SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

200                   A.    (i)     EPSCA recognizes the Union as the exclusive
Recognition                         collective bargaining agency for a bargaining unit
                                    as defined in Section 200 A (ii) engaged in
                                    construction industry work performed on Ontario
                                    Power Generation Inc. (OPGI) and Bruce Power LP
                                    facilities.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 3
                            (ii)    The bargaining unit shall comprise the classifications
                                    of electrician journeyperson (including foreperson
                                    and subforeperson), electrician welder, electrician
                                    apprentice, communications electrician, Lineperson
                                    and Apprentice Lineperson. If additional
                                    classifications are required, they will be negotiated as
                                    appropriate for work on Ontario Power Generations
                                    Inc. (OPGI) and Bruce Power LP property.

                            (iii)   Ontario Power Generation Inc. (OPGI) and Bruce
                                    Power LP generating facilities shall mean generating
                                    stations, hydraulic works, heavy water facilities,
                                    microwave and repeater stations and Miscellaneous
                                    Hydraulic Projects located on Ontario Power
                                    Generation Inc. (OPGI) and Bruce Power LP property
                                    but excludes the building of commercial-type office
                                    facilities at locations remote from operating facilities.

                      B.    The terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply when
                            contracts are awarded by Ontario Power Generation Inc.
                            (OPGI) or Bruce Power LP to Employers in contractual
                            relations with one or more locals of the IBEW, or otherwise
                            required to apply the terms of this Agreement.

                      C.    The Union recognizes EPSCA as the sole and exclusive
                            collective bargaining agency for all of the Employers covered
                            by this Agreement, and in all matters pertaining to the
                            administration of this Collective Agreement.

                      D.    The term "employee" shall include all employees of the
                            Employers in the classifications as set out in Item A (ii)
                            above.

                      E.    A subforeperson is an individual who exercises supervisory
                            responsibility and may use the tools of the trade.

                      F.    The term "Employers" shall include individual members of
                            EPSCA and any company, partnership, sole proprietorship,
                            joint venture, contractor, subcontractor or any person that
                            agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of this
                            Agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                            Page 4
                      G.    Notwithstanding the provisions contained in this Subsection,
                            this Agreement does not alter existing agreements and
                            practices operative between individual Employers and the
                            Union with respect to General Foremen.

                      H.    The classifications referred to in Item A (ii) do not establish
                            craft jurisdiction. Such jurisdiction is established in
                            accordance with Section 4 of this Collective Agreement.

                      I.    EPSCA and the Union agree that the use of nomenclature is
                            meant to refer to both genders.

201                  A.     This Agreement shall consist of a master portion of general
Form of                     application to the construction field forces represented by
Agreement                   the Union together with the following Appendices and/or wage
                            schedules of particular application to employees represented by
                            the Union at Projects or in areas as noted in Subsection 202
                            below, and shall also be deemed to include any additional
                            Appendix and/or wage schedule added, as the said Appendices
                            and/or wage schedules may be revised by EPSCA and the Union
                            from time to time.

202                  A.    Local             Geographic Jurisdiction                     Project
Geographic
Jurisdiction               Hamilton          Brant, Norfolk, Wentworth               Nanticoke
                           (105)             Counties and all that portion of
                                             Oxford County south of a
                                             straight east to west line
                                             connecting the Town Line Road and
                                             Newell Road in the Town of Tillsonburg,
                                             the townships of Seneca, Rainham, North
                                             Cayuga, South Cayuga, Onieda, and
                                             Walpole in Haldimand County, and that
                                             Portion of Halton County west of the
                                             Eighth Concession Line and south of
                                             Highway 401 in the Province of Ontario.

                           Quinte-St.        Counties of Prince Edward, Hastings,
                           Lawrence          Lennox and Addington, Frontenac,
                           (Kingston)        Leeds, Grenville, Dundas, Stormont
                           (115)             and Glengarry.

                           London            Counties of Elgin, Huron, Middlesex
                           (120)             and that portion of the Restructured
                                             County of Oxford north of a straight
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 5
                                             east to west line connecting the Town
                                             Line Road and Newell Road in the
                                             Town of Tillsonburg in the Province of
                                             Ontario

                          Niagara            The Niagara Region and the                 A. Beck
                          (St.               Peninsula portion of Haldimand-
                          (Catharines        Norfolk Region east of the road
                          (303)              running south of Caistorville to Lake
                                             Erie.

                          Local              Geographic Jurisdiction                    Project

                          Toronto          The Regional Municipalities
                          (Local 353 South)                                             of York
                                           and Peel and that portion
                                           Dufferin County east of Highway
                                           #10 and south of Highway #9
                                           and is part of the Town of
                                           Orangeville. That portion of
                                           Regional Municipality of Halton
                                           east of the Eighth Concession Line
                                           and south of 401 to Lake Ontario
                                           and the Municipality of Metro
                                           Toronto.

                          Thunder            Districts of Thunder Bay,                  Thunder
                          Bay                Rainy River and that portion               Bay
                          (402)              of the District of Kenora                  Atikokan
                                             bounded on the West by the
                                             Manitoba border and on the
                                             East by the 87o Meridian,
                                             in the Province of Ontario.

                          Sarnia             Lambton County.                            Lambton
                           (530)

                          Ottawa             Counties of Lanark, Regional
                          (586)              municipality of Ottawa-Carleton
                                             Renfrew, Prescott and Russell
                                             in the Province of Ontario, and
                                             the entire Province of Quebec.

                          Windsor            Essex and County and the.
                          (773)              Municipality of Chatham-Kent.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 6
                          Central            The Region of Waterloo,                   Bruce
                          Ontario            the Counties of Wellington,
                          (Kitchener)        Perth, Bruce, Grey and Dufferin
                          (804)              except that portion of DufferinCounty
                                             laying east of Hwy #10 and south of
                                             Hwy #9 and in that portion of Halton
                                             Region north of Hwy 401 in the
                                             Province of Ontario.


                          Local              Geographic Jurisdiction                   Project

                          Oshawa-            Durham Region, Northumberland         Pickering
                          Port Hope          Victoria, Peterborough and            Darlington
                          (353 East)         Haliburton Counties in the            Wesleyville
                                             Province of Ontario, and that portion
                                             of Simcoe County east of Lake Simcoe
                                             and Lake Couchiching.

                          Sudbury            Districts of Algoma, Cochrane, Nipissing
                          (1687)             Sudbury, Timiskaming, Manitoulin Island the
                                             District of Parry Sound, and the Sudbury
                                             Region save and except the Townships of
                                             Humphrey, Conger, Christie, Foley, Cowper,
                                             McKellar, McDougall and Hagerman; that
                                             portion of the District of Kenora bounded
                                             on the West by the 87o Meridian and on the
                                             East by the Quebec border in the Province
                                             of Ontario.

                          Georgian           Barrie and Orillia, all of Simcoe County
                          Bay                and the District Municipality of Muskoka
                          (353 North)        and the Townships of Humphrey, Conger,
                                             Christie, Foley, Cowper, McKellar,
                                             McDougall and Hagerman in the County
                                             of Parry Sound, except the portion of Simcoe
                                             County east of Lake Simcoe and Lake
                                             Couchiching




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 7
                    SECTION 3 DURATION OF AGREEMENT

300                   A.    This Agreement shall become effective May 1, 2025 and will
                            expire on April 30, 2030.

301                   A.    Either party to this Agreement may give notice in writing to
Notice                      the other party not more than 90 days prior to the expiry date
                            and not less than 30 days prior to the expiry date of this
                            Agreement and negotiations must begin within 15 days of the
                            giving of notice. If there is no notice given of change or
                            termination of this Agreement, as mentioned in this Section,
                            this Agreement shall remain in effect from term to term
                            thereafter.

302                   A.    This Agreement shall be subject to amendment at any
Amendments                  time by mutual consent of the parties hereto. Any such
                            amendment agreed upon shall be reduced to writing, signed
                            by the parties hereto and approved by the International Office
                            of the Union, the same as this Agreement.


                         SECTION 4 WORK ASSIGNMENT

400                   A.    EPSCA will advise the Union of all new construction work
Advance                     coming under the scope of this Agreement for the
Notice                      construction field forces of the Employers.

                            EPSCA will convene a prejob conference before work
                            commences to discuss the preliminary details of the proposed
                            work to be performed and to establish conditions in
                            accordance with this Agreement for the Project.

                      B.    Subsequent prejob conferences will be convened by EPSCA
                            before specific portions of work commence to discuss the
                            final details of the work and to establish conditions in
                            accordance with this Agreement for that work.

                      C.    Upon the request of the Union a prejob conference will be
                            convened by EPSCA.

                      D.    EPSCA will provide written notice to the Union as far in
                            advance as possible of new work and prejob conferences as
                            noted in Item A and Item B above.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 8
401                   A.    The Employer who has the responsibility for the work shall
Work                        make a proposed assignment of the work involved. The
Assignment                  Employer shall be responsible for providing copies of
                            proposed assignments to the Union (CCO Office and Local
                            Union Office). The Employer will specify a time limit for
                            the Union to submit evidence supporting its claims. The
                            Employer will evaluate all evidence submitted and make a
                            final assignment of the work involved. This final assignment
                            will be in accordance with the procedural rules established by
                            the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the
                            Construction Industry. The Employer will advise the Union
                            of the final assignments prior to the work commencing.
                            When a jurisdictional dispute exists between unions and upon
                            request by the Union the Employer shall furnish the IBEW
                            CCO Office a signed letter from a duly authorized official of
                            the company on employer stationery, stating whether or not
                            the Union was employed on specific types of work on a given
                            project. The Employer agrees to consider evidence of
                            established practices within the construction industry
                            generally when making jurisdictional assignments.

                      B.    A markup process will be utilized when an Employer intends
                            to perform work on a project site*. The purpose of the
                            markup process is to indicate to the Union the work which is
                            planned to be carried out by the Employer in order to
                            minimize the potential for jurisdictional disputes.

                            When work is to be performed on a project site and it meets
                            the following criteria; same employer, same work, same
                            project site, the markup process will not be required. This
                            procedure shall not preclude the Union’s right to contest
                            previously disputed work. In the Electricity Production Zones
                            when work falls within this criteria the EPSCA Office will
                            send out a “Notification of Work” along with a copy of the
                            original minutes of mark-up meeting(s) to the Local Unions
                            prior to work commencing. This procedure shall not
                            preclude the Unions’ right to contest previously assigned
                            work, if the work is in a Local Union jurisdiction other than
                            the one it was marked up in.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 9
                            When an Employer has work that is less than a three (3)
                            week duration and there are ten (10) or fewer employees
                            covered by EPSCA Collective Agreements employed on this
                            specific work, the Union will be notified of the scope of work
                            and the Employer’s proposed work assignments. The Union
                            will have two (2) weeks from the date of notification to
                            submit jurisdictional claims and supporting evidence to the
                            Employer for consideration. The Employer will notify the
                            Union of the final work assignments prior to the
                            commencement of the work.

                            All work that does not meet the criteria set out in paragraphs
                            2 and 3 above, will be reviewed and assigned at a markup
                            meeting.

*    For the purposes of this Section, Nanticoke, Lambton, Bruce Nuclear Power
     Development (BNPD), Darlington, Pickering, and the five (5) Electricity Production
     Zones are each considered one project site.

     EPSCA will provide written notice to the Union (International Office and Local Union
     Office) as far in advance as possible of markup meetings. The Union may attend these
     markup meetings and every effort will be made to settle questions of jurisdiction
     before the work is expected to commence.

                            The EPSCA representative will record the proposed
                            assignments and jurisdictional claims and forward a copy of
                            them within fifteen (15) working days to the Union
                            (International Office and Local Union Office).

                            The parties recognize that circumstances may arise,
                            particularly with discovery and emergency work, where the
                            mark-up process may not be practical or possible. However,
                            reasonable effort will be made by the Employer to adhere to
                            the jurisdiction of the IBEW.

402                   A.    The jurisdiction of the Union shall be that jurisdiction
Jurisdictional              established by agreements between International Unions
Disputes                    claiming the work or decisions of record recognized by
                            the AFL-CIO for the various classifications and the character
                            of work performed.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 10
                      B.    In the event that a jurisdictional dispute arises over a work
                            assignment, the Employer will make an assignment for the
                            work to be done. If any Union or Unions disagree with such
                            a work assignment, the parties will settle such jurisdictional
                            dispute in accordance with procedure as outlined by the Plan
                            for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the
                            Construction Industry, or any successor thereto.

                      C.    In the event that a jurisdictional dispute cannot be settled on a
                            local basis by the Unions involved, it shall be submitted to
                            the International Unions involved for settlement without
                            permitting it to interfere in any way with the progress of the
                            work at any time. In the event the dispute is not settled by
                            the International Unions involved, it shall then be submitted
                            to the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the
                            Construction Industry for resolution. The International
                            Representative of the Union will advise EPSCA in writing of
                            their intent to submit a jurisdictional dispute to the Plan for
                            the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                            Industry and will identify in detail the work in question. The
                            decision of the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional
                            Disputes in the Construction Industry will be final and
                            binding to the parties to this Agreement.

                      D.    EPSCA shall have direct recourse to the Plan for the
                            Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                            Industry when the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional
                            Disputes in the Construction Industry has under its
                            consideration a dispute involving the assignment of work
                            being done by employees who are covered by this
                            Agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 11
            SECTION 5 UNION RIGHTS AND REPRESENTATIVES

500                   A.    The Union will designate local Union representatives as
Accredited                  Accredited Union Representatives to handle the
Union                       day-to-day administration of this Agreement on the basis
Representatives             of not more than two representatives from the Union for each
                            Project. The Union will notify EPSCA in writing of the
                            names of such Union representatives, or alternates in the
                            event of illness or unavailability, so that they may be issued
                            identification cards to permit entry to the site. Upon entering
                            the job site, such representatives after identifying themselves
                            to the authorized representative of the Employer, will be free
                            to observe the progress and conduct of the work and to
                            conduct normal union business associated with the
                            administration of this Collective Agreement. The Union
                            undertakes that these representatives will not unduly interfere
                            in any way with said work.



501                   A.    The Accredited Union Representative reserves the right to
Union                       appoint or remove a steward or stewards on any job
Stewards                    where workpeople are employed under the terms of this
                            Agreement.

                      B.    EPSCA and the Employer shall be notified in writing when a
                            steward is appointed and when such stewards cease to act as
                            stewards.
                      C.    The steward will be responsible for their regularly assigned
                            work on behalf of their Employer.

                      D.    Such stewards shall be allowed sufficient time to see that the
                            provisions of this Agreement are observed.

                      E.    No steward shall be discriminated against by the Employer
                            because of the performance of their duties as a steward.

                      F.    Provided they are qualified to perform the work, the steward
                            shall have the opportunity to work on all overtime. The
                            steward shall be notified in advance of all overtime.

                      G.    Where appropriate and where more than one steward is
                            required, one steward shall be appointed Chief Steward.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 12
                      H.    The Chief Steward shall not have their employment
                            terminated without the consent of the Accredited Union
                            Representative until as near as possible to the completion of
                            the job, unless with just cause. Where an Employer has only
                            one steward appointed for a job, such steward will receive the
                            same consideration given a Chief Steward as noted above.

                      I.    The Employer shall receive the approval of the Accredited
                            Union Representative prior to transferring a steward to
                            another Project.

                      J.    Any Steward shall obtain permission from their immediate
                            supervisor before leaving their work area for Union business.
                            Such permission shall not be unreasonably denied.

                      K.    For the Pickering, Darlington and Bruce Power LP Nuclear
                            sites, a Chief Steward at each site shall be paid at the
                            foreperson rate. All Chief Stewards in receipt of the
                            foreperson rate are still eligible to work on the tools.

                            The foreperson rate does not apply when Chief Stewards are
                            working overtime on the tools.

502                   A.    As the parties recognize the responsibilities of the Health
Health &                    and Safety Representative/Joint Health & Safety
Safety                      Committee member, this individual will be among the last
Representatives             five (5) employees kept on a project, providing they are
                            capable of performing the remaining work.

                      B.    If management feels that the Health and Safety
                            representative/Joint Health & Safety Committee member is
                            not discharging their health and safety duties in a manner that
                            follows the intent and spirit of the legislation, the Employer
                            may refer the issue to the Executive Committee for
                            resolution. If the matter cannot be resolved by the Executive
                            Committee, the grievance procedure may be invoked.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 13
                     SECTION 6 EMPLOYEE DESIGNATION

600                   A.    It is understood that forepeople and subforepeople hold
Forepeople and             responsible positions in the relationship between the
Subforepeople               Employers and the Union. Both parties agree that every
                            effort should be made to recruit and retain forepeople and
                            subforepeople who have a high degree of efficiency in the
                            performance of their jobs and in the handling of their people.
                            Recognizing the responsibilities involved in being a
                            supervisor and a member of the Union, the Employers and
                            the Union will make every effort to minimize problems that
                            may arise which concern the relationship between the
                            forepeople and subforepeople, the Employers and the Union.

                      B.    The parties recognize the responsibilities of forepeople and
                            subforepeople to discharge their managerial duties. If the
                            Union feels that the foreperson or subforeperson is not
                            discharging their managerial duties in a manner that is fair
                            and equitable, or if an Employer feels that the Union is
                            interfering with the foreperson or subforeperson in the
                            performance of their managerial duties, the Employer or the
                            Union may refer the problem to the Executive Committee
                            referred to in Section 14 - Committees, Subsection
                            1400 - Executive Committee, for resolution. If the matter
                            cannot be resolved by the Executive Committee, the
                            grievance procedure may be invoked by either party.


                      C.    The selection and retention of forepeople and subforepeople
                            will be the responsibility of the Employers. When making
                            appointments to the foreperson and subforeperson level, the
                            Employers will give consideration to those journeypeople
                            they presently employ, however this consideration does not
                            create an obligation to make an appointment from these
                            employees.

                      D.    Such forepeople and subforepeople shall be members of the
                            IBEW and shall register at the local union office and shall be
                            issued with clearance cards.

                      E.    In the interest of efficiency and productivity, the Employer
                            shall have the right to move forepeople and subforepeople
                            from construction site to construction site.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 14
                      F.    The forepeople's differential shall be the greater of twelve
                            percent (12%) above of the journeyperson base hourly rate or
                            the established percentage above the journeyperson rate
                            differential as set out in the existing wage schedules. The
                            subforeperson's differential shall be the greater of six percent
                            (6%) above of the journeyperson base hourly rate or the
                            established percentage differential above the journeyperson
                            rate as set out in the existing wage schedules. The rates of
                            pay for all forepeople and subforepeople covered by this
                            Agreement will be set forth in the current wage schedules.
                            EPSCA will provide the Union with current wage schedules.

                      G.    For conditions applying to General Forepeople, refer to
                            Subsection 200, Item G.

                      H.    Where the crew size is five (5) or less, including the
                            foreperson, the foreperson may be required to work with the
                            tools of the trade.

               SECTION 7 EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/HIRING

700                   A.    For purposes of this Section, a geographic area will be
Employment                  established for each Project in accordance with the
Practices                   geographic jurisdiction established in Section 2, Subsection
                            202, of this Agreement.

                      B.    An office will be established by EPSCA, or by the Employer
                            with the approval of EPSCA, for each Project. A purpose of
                            this office will be to coordinate employment as specified in
                            this Section.

                      C.    EPSCA, or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA, and
                            the Union will exchange the names of their representatives in
                            each of the areas described in Item A who will be responsible
                            for co-operating in the referral and employment of reliable
                            and competent Union members.

                      D.    EPSCA will notify the Union of future workforce
                            requirements for all employees coming within the scope of
                            this Agreement.

                      E.    With the exception of Section 701A (ii) (e), the Union
                            recognizes that where key tradespeople are required, the
                            number will be jointly determined at a prejob conference
                            provided for in Section 4, Subsection 400, of this Agreement.

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 15
                      F.    The union and the Employer shall attempt to maintain a
                            balanced apprentice program. All levels of apprentices shall
                            be made available if available.

701                   A.    The Employer agrees to hire and employ only members of
                            the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers on all
                            electrical work. The EPSCA office, or the Employer’s office
                            will request the appropriate Local Union office for certified
                            tradespeople and apprentices required and no one will be
                            employed unless they are in possession of a clearance card
                            from the Local Union office.
Hiring

                            The employment of tradespeople and apprentices shall be
                            carried out on the following basis and sequence:

                            (i)     Resident Employers:

                                    (a) Increase key tradespeople to 4. The 3rd and 4th key
                                    tradespeople will only be hired when the crew reaches
                                    10. For layoffs the 3rd and 4th key tradespeople will
                                    be the 12th and 11th crew members laid off.

                                    (b) Name hire* IBEW members from the local Union
                                    in whose jurisdiction the work is being performed; or

                                    * For purposes of this section, name hires do not
                                    include Holder of Record and Assessors.

                                    (c) Hire a combination of employees from (a) to (b)
                                    above, providing the total employees hired does not
                                    exceed more than 50% of employees employed.

                            (ii)    Non-Resident Employers:

                                    (a) Mobilize/transfer from outside of the Local Union
                                    Area existing members to a maximum of 20% of all
                                    employees hired under Section 701A (ii); There will
                                    be no restriction as to the source of the 20% provided
                                    they are IBEW members in good standing; or




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 16
                                    (b) Name hire IBEW members from the Local Union
                                    in whose jurisdiction the work is being performed; or

                                    (c) Hire a combination of employees from (a) to (c)
                                    above, providing the total employees hired does not
                                    exceed more than 50% of employees employed;

                                    (d) The Employer is entitled to bring in the first two
                                    (2) IBEW members.

                                    (e) For Nuclear sites only: The Employer is entitled to
                                    bring in four (4) key tradespeople.

                            (iii)   All Projects

                                    (a)The percentages set out in Section 701A (i) & (ii)
                                    must apply with reference to the number of
                                    employees of the employer who perform work under
                                    the EPSCA Generation Projects Agreement on each
                                    day during the period in which the employer’s work
                                    within a Local Union’s jurisdiction is being
                                    performed save and except for the period when
                                    employees are being laid off because of downsizing,
                                    of the workforce. When the Employer hires again
                                    after downsizing, it shall bring its workforce back into
                                    percentages which do not exceed those permitted
                                    under Section 701A (i) and (ii). The Business
                                    Manager of the Local Union shall be permitted in
                                    their discretion to waive compliance with the
                                    provisions of this clause.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 17
                            (iv)    The Local Union will furnish other employees other
                                    than those hired in accordance with Sections 701 A (i)
                                    and (ii). If the Local Union is unable to furnish
                                    certified Local Union members to the Employer
                                    within three (3) working days of the time the Local
                                    Union office receives the request for tradespeople
                                    (except Saturdays, Sundays and Holidays), the
                                    Employer has the right to transfer Union members
                                    already in their employ to the project subject to
                                    Section 701A (vi). Following this, the Local Union
                                    will furnish travel card or permit holders as available.
                                    The Local Union will issue clearance cards to those
                                    hired in these circumstances. All employees will
                                    report to the EPSCA Office, or the Employer’s office,
                                    prior to commencing work. Travel card members
                                    may be replaced by Local Union members and permit
                                    holders may be replaced by Local Union members or
                                    travel card members who maintain a regular residence
                                    in the geographic area of the project after three (3)
                                    days notice to the Employer, but in no case until a
                                    tradesperson has worked a minimum of one (1) week.
                                    On Nuclear sites only, local members replacing travel
                                    cards must be security cleared prior to hire and
                                    possess the same owner specific nuclear training as
                                    the employee being replaced. On Nuclear sites only,
                                    replacement of travel cards will not occur during
                                    outages.

                            (v)     Notwithstanding the replacement process outlined in
                                    701A (iv), the Employer has the right to maintain the
                                    ratio as per 701A of employees in their employ
                                    exempt from replacement.

                            (vi)    It is agreed that when the Local Union cannot supply
                                    local members to a job or project, the employer will
                                    be allowed to transfer current employees who have
                                    been in their employ for a minimum of one (1) year,
                                    to the site or project. The Employer must notify the
                                    Union when placing a call of the number of current
                                    employees eligible for transfer to the site.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 18
                        B.    For the purposes of Section 701 A (i) and (ii), employment
                             priority shall not apply when a non-resident Employer is
                             laying off provided that, notwithstanding Section 701A (iv),
                             the mobility percentages set forth in Section 701A is not
                             exceeded.

                              In all cases of layoff, the Employer shall layoff its employees
                              in the following sequence, but has the right to maintain the
                              employees hired as per Section 701A.

                              (i)     Permit holders;
                              (ii)    Travel card members from Local Unions outside
                                      Ontario;
                              (iii)   Travel card members from Local Unions within
                                      Ontario;
                              (iv)    Applicable Local Union members

                      C.     When possible, the Employer shall notify the Local Union
                             Office three (3) days prior to layoff but no later than by the
                             day of the layoff. Failure of the Employer to notify the
                             Union office by the day of the layoff will entitle the
                             employee to an additional one (1) hour’s pay.

                      D.     Re-employment as required by the Workplace Safety and
                             Insurance Board shall not be a violation of this collective
                             agreement nor subject to provisions of Section 7.

702                           An employee who voluntarily terminates their employment
                              with an Employer on an EPSCA site shall not be entitled to
                              be referred to another Employer on the same site for a period
                              of thirty (30) days.

                             SECTION 8 HOURS OF WORK

800                   A.     One (1) or Two (2) Shift Operation

                             The weekly hours of work Monday to Friday inclusive shall
                             consist of forty (40) hours for all employees of Employers
                             covered by this agreement and working on a one (1) or two
                             (2) shift operation.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 19
                            The weekly hours of work may be arrived at by having the
                            employees work either:

                            •   four (4) consecutive ten-hour shifts, Monday to Thursday
                                or;
                            •   four (4) consecutive ten-hour shifts, Tuesday to Friday or;
                            •   five (5) consecutive eight-hour shifts

                            but not concurrently on the same work program.*

*    For the purposes of this section, a work program will be defined as work taking place on
     a site that includes the following:
     •      Outages,
     •      Specific contracted scopes of work,
     •      Various and different modifications in an operating plant where the owner dictates
            the hours of work, or
     •      Subcontracts for a prime contractor where the prime contractor dictates the hours
            of work.

                            Each Employer will notify the Local Union of the weekly
                            hours of work for each work program* at the site.

                            Weekly hours of work will be established for a minimum
                            period of two (2) weeks.

                            If an Employer intends to change the weekly hours of work,
                            notice will be given in the week prior to the change but no
                            less than five (5) days before the change.

                            The start time for the day shift shall be between 6:00 AM and
                            9:00AM (nuclear only) or 8:00 a.m. with a possible one (1)
                            hour variance either way (all other locations). The start time
                            for the afternoon shift shall be immediately following the day
                            shift or within two (2) hours either way of the end of the day
                            shift. Crews may have different start times.

                            The shift differential for those employees working the
                            afternoon shift when a two shift operation has been
                            established by the Employer will be one-fifth (1/5) for
                            scheduled hours worked on that shift.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 20
                      B.    Three (3) Shift Operation

                            When a three (3) shift operation is established by the
                            Employer, the following conditions will apply:

                            Those employees working on the day shift shall work eight
                            (8) hours at the straight time rate.

                            Those employees working on the afternoon shift shall work
                            seven and one-half (7 1/2) hours per shift. A shift differential
                            of one-seventh (1/7) shall be paid for all normal scheduled
                            shift hours worked.

                            Those employees working on the night shift shall work seven
                            (7) hours per shift. A shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) shall
                            be paid for all normal scheduled shift hours worked.

                      C.    A shift will be deemed to be established providing at least
                            four (4) consecutive days of a shift are to be worked,
                            excluding Saturdays, Sundays and Recognized Holidays. If
                            an employee is removed from their scheduled shift prior to
                            completing four (4) consecutive shifts, the employee will be
                            paid shift differential for the balance of the four (4)
                            consecutive shifts that would have been worked had the
                            employee not been reassigned.

                      D.    The shift rate will be based on the day in which the shift
                            begins.

                      E.    IBEW members assigned to fire watch duties may commence
                            work after the start of the rest of the crew. In these cases,
                            normal scheduled hours of work beyond the quit time of the
                            rest of the crew will not be subject to overtime rate of pay.

                      F.    It may be necessary from time to time to vary the hours of
                            work established in this Article. Any amendments to the
                            hours of work will be established by mutual agreement
                            between EPSCA and the Union.

801                   A.    For employees working normal hours, a fifteen (15) minute
Rest                        rest period will be allotted, at the time directed by the
Periods                     Employer, for each half shift worked. Where a half shift is
                            less than four (4) hours, there shall be no rest period
                            excluding the third shift.


EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 21
                      B.    For employees required to work overtime, a ten (10) minute
                            rest period will be allotted prior to the end of the normal shift
                            before commencing overtime work.

                      C.    For employees working overtime, a fifteen (15) minute rest
                            period will be allotted, at the time directed by the Employer,
                            after each two hours of overtime worked.

802                   A.    An employee who reports for work, unless directed not to
Reporting                   report the previous day by their Employer, shall receive a
Pay                         minimum of a half shift’s pay (4 hours or 5 hours) plus their
                            appropriate daily travel or board allowance at the applicable
                            rate when they report for work but are unable to commence
                            or continue to work because of circumstances beyond their
                            control. An employee will not receive this allowance if they
                            are unable to complete their shift as a result of inclement
                            weather.

                      B.    Notwithstanding Subsection 802, Item A above, when an
                            Employer considers it necessary to shut down a job to avoid
                            the possible loss of human life, because of an emergency
                            situation that could endanger the life and safety of an
                            employee, in such cases, employees will be compensated
                            only for the actual time worked.

803                   A.    An employee who reports for work at the beginning of a
Inclement                   shift and is unable to commence work due to inclement
Weather Pay                 weather will receive three (3) hours' pay at the applicable
                            rate. To qualify, the employee must remain at a protected
                            place or area as designated by the Employer for three (3)
                            hours unless excused by an authorized representative of their
                            Employer.

                      B.    An employee who reports for and commences work but is
                            unable to continue work due to inclement weather shall
                            receive three (3) hours' pay at the applicable rate or pay for
                            the actual time worked for that shift, whichever is the greater.


                      C.    An employee in receipt of inclement weather pay shall also
                            receive travel or board allowance if applicable.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 22
804                   A.    The holidays recognized under this Agreement are:
Recognized
Holidays                    New Year's Day                  Canada Day
                            Family Day                      Civic Holiday
                            Good Friday                     Labour Day
                            Easter Monday                   Thanksgiving Day
                            Victoria Day                    Christmas Day
                                                            Boxing Day

                      B.    Recognized holidays falling on a Saturday or Sunday shall be
                            observed on the following Monday. When Christmas Day
                            falls on a Saturday or Sunday, it shall be observed on the
                            following Monday and Boxing Day on the following
                            Tuesday. When New Year's Day falls on a Saturday or
                            Sunday, it shall be observed either on the preceding Friday or
                            following Monday.

                      C.    EPSCA reserves the right to change the day of observation of
                            a recognized holiday when such holiday falls on a Tuesday,
                            Wednesday (Canada Day only) or Thursday.

805                   A.    When an employee is called in to work outside of their
normal
Call-In                     hours of work, they shall receive a minimum of two (2)
hours'
Pay                         work at the appropriate premium rate plus travel allowance
                            where applicable.

                      B.    If the employee's normal hours of work commences within
                            this two (2) hour period, the employee will be paid premium
                            time for the actual hours worked and revert to their normal
                            rate at the commencement of their normal hours of work.

806                   A.    When working on an eight (8) hour day and five (5) day per
Overtime                    week work schedule (Monday to Friday inclusive), overtime
                            work shall be paid at one and one-half (1 ½) times the basic
                            hourly rate for all hours worked beyond the normal daily
                            scheduled number of hours up to a maximum of two (2)
                            hours per day. All hours in excess of 10 hours per day shall
                            be paid at two (2) times the base hourly rate.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 23
                            When working on a ten (10) hour day and four (4) day per
                            week work schedule (Monday to Friday inclusive), overtime
                            work shall be paid at one and one-half (1 ½) times the basic
                            hourly rate for all hours worked beyond the normal daily
                            scheduled number of hours up to a maximum of two (2)
                            hours per day. All hours in excess of 12 hours per day shall
                            be paid at two (2) times the base hourly rate.

                            Overtime work performed on Saturday, Sunday, Recognized
                            Holidays and non-shift days shall be paid at two (2) times the
                            basic hourly rate.

                            The parties have a mutual interest in reducing unauthorized
                            absenteeism. At the Employer’s discretion, an unapproved
                            absence of the Employee may disentitle the Employee to
                            overtime opportunities. The application of the employer’s
                            discretion, will be subject to referral to the Nuclear Project
                            Committee.

                      B.    When an employee has not been notified the previous day
                            that they will be required to work for more than two (2) hours
                            beyond the normal quitting time of their shift and after
                            approximately two (2) hours has been worked, they shall be
                            provided with a lunch and allowed thirty (30) minutes to
                            consume same and be paid at the base hourly rate of pay.

                            After each additional four (4) hours is worked, the employee
                            shall be allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the
                            base hourly rate of pay and a lunch when work is required
                            beyond that four (4) hour period. If supplying a hot meal is
                            not possible, the Employer will pay the employee $25.00.
                            Where an employee has been notified the previous day, no
                            lunch will be provided, but the employee will be allowed
                            thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the base hourly rate
                            of pay.

                            When a paid meal period overlaps a rest period, the paid
                            meal period will supplant the rest period.

                            The above-noted is not applicable to the first eight (8) hours
                            worked on Saturdays, Sundays and Recognized Holidays

                      C.    All overtime shall be worked on a voluntary basis and shall be
                            distributed as equally as possible among all IBEW members.


EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 24
                   SECTION 9 WAGES AND PAY PROCEDURE

900                   A.    The rates of pay for employees in the classifications listed
Wages                       in Subsection 200, Item B, of this Agreement and working
                            on Generation Station Projects shall be as set forth in the
                            wage schedules attached hereto.

                      B.    The Union will have no later than the end of March of
                            each calendar year to provide the breakdown of dues,
                            pension, welfare and benefits to EPSCA. The parties will
                            than have no later than 60 calendar days to review,
                            approve, and implement the wage schedules and new
                            collective agreement. The effective date for such changes
                            shall be retroactive to May 1st of that year.

                            If no approval is received by the accredited union
                            representative, within the timelines above the Association
                            shall approve the wage schedule and shall apply any
                            negotiated increase to the base wage. The union will only
                            be able to make changes in the next available window per
                            the collective agreement.

                      C.    In the event that an error is subsequently discovered on the
                            wage schedules the error shall be corrected and applied on
                            a prospective basis and there shall be no retroactive
                            adjustment or claw back.

901                   A.    Normal
Pay
Procedure                   (i)     Employees shall be paid weekly and payment for any
                                    given week will be made not later than the sixth
                                    working day after the close of the payroll period, but
                                    in any event not later than Thursday of the following
                                    week. Failure by the Employer to comply with the
                                    requirements of this clause will entitle the employee
                                    to one (1) hour’s pay at the straight time rate.

                            (ii)    Wages shall be paid by the employers on the job site,
                                    before quitting time, in cash or by cheque, payable at
                                    par in the locality of the job site. In the case of a
                                    holiday falling on a Thursday or Friday, the employee
                                    shall be paid on the Wednesday prior to this holiday.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 25
                            (iii)   The Employer may implement direct deposit. An
                                    Employer will provide assistance to employees who
                                    require assistance obtaining a bank account.

                                    Accompanying each payment of wages shall be a
                                    statement, in writing, or email, or epost, which can be
                                    retained by the employee, setting forth:

                                    (a)    the period of time or the work for which the
                                           wages are being paid;

                                    (b)    the rate of wages to which the employee is
                                           entitled;

                                    (c)    the amount of wages to which the employee is
                                           entitled;

                                    (d)    the amount of each deduction from the wages
                                           of the employee and the purpose for which
                                           each deduction is made;

                                    (e)    any allowance or other payment to which the
                                           employee is entitled;

                                    (f)    the amount of vacation pay for which the
                                           employee is being credited;

                                    (g)    the amount of recognized holiday pay for
                                           which the employee is being credited; and

                                    (h)    the net amount of money being paid to the
                                           employee.

                            (iv)    In cases of inclement weather being declared on pay
                                    day, employees will receive their pay before leaving
                                    the site provided it is available on the site.

                      B.    On Termination

                            (i)     An employee who voluntarily terminates their
                                    employment will be provided their final pay on the
                                    next regular pay day.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 26
                            (ii)    In all cases of layoff at work locations where the
                                    employer does not have an on-site pay office, an
                                    employee will have their final pay and termination
                                    documents mailed to their residence within two (2)
                                    business days of their termination by Express Post.
                                    At work locations where the employer has an on-site
                                    pay office, the employee shall receive their final pay
                                    and record of employment on the day of layoff. In
                                    situations where the employee receives direct deposit,
                                    the employee will receive their final pay and
                                    termination documents within five (5) business days
                                    of their layoff and/or termination.

                                    The Employer will provide a Record of Employment
                                    (ROE) Form in the employee’s pay or will send ROE
                                    information electronically to Service Canada within
                                    the timelines specified in Section 901B(ii)

                            (iii)   An employee who is discharged shall be provided
                                    with their final pay immediately if the Employer's pay
                                    facilities are on site or as per Item B (ii) above if the
                                    Employer's pay facilities are not on site or the
                                    employee receives direct deposit.

                            (iv)    Failure of the Employer to comply with the
                                    requirements in Clause 901 B (i), (ii) and (iii) will
                                    entitle the employee to two (2) hours at the straight
                                    time rate for each normal work day of
                                    non-compliance.

                            (v)     For remote projects North of the French River, those
                                    receiving board or staying in a camp shall be
                                    provided with notice of layoff on their last day of
                                    work on site, unless agreed to otherwise between the
                                    Employee and the Employer.


     902              A.    The Employer agrees to pay vacation and recognized holiday
                            pay on a weekly basis. The vacation and recognized holiday
                            pay rate shall be twelve (12) percent of hourly earnings.
Vacation and
Recognized                  It is understood by the parties that the increase in vacation
Holiday Pay                 and recognized holiday pay from ten (10) percent to twelve
                            (12) percent has no monetary impact on the total wage
                            package.

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 27
                    SECTION 10 UNION AND BENEFIT FUNDS

1000                  A.    The Employer agrees to pay into operative welfare,
Benefit                     pension and S.U.B. plans the amounts specified by the
Funds                       IBEW-CCO and identified in the wage schedules
                            attached hereto. Payment to the above-noted funds shall be
                            based on each hour earned.

                      B.    To reduce administrative costs the parties agree that the
                            number of monthly separate remittance and deduction
                            cheques will be kept to a minimum.


1001                  A.    The Employer agrees to deduct from wages and remit to
Union                       the Union, Union Funds. The amounts to be deducted
Funds                       and remitted will be as set out in the wage schedules attached
                            hereto.

1002                  A.    The Union agrees to supply the Employers with
Administration              administrative material and information regarding the Funds
                            identified in this Section.

1003                  A.    The trustees of the employee benefit plans referred to in
Assignment                  this collective agreement shall promptly notify the union
of Benefits                 of the failure by any employer to pay any employee benefit
                            contributions required to be made under this collective
                            agreement and which are owed under the said plans in order
                            that the program administrator of the Employee Wage
                            Protection Plan may deem that there has been an assignment
                            of compensation under the said program in compliance with
                            the regulation to the Employment Standards Amendment
                            Act, 2000 in relation to the Employee Wage Protection
                            Program.

1004                        The Employer will remit ten (10) cents per hour worked to
Education Union Fund        the Education Union Fund. The Employer contribution is
                            above the Total Wage Package and will be effective the date
                            of ratification.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 28
        SECTION 11 TRAVEL AND ROOM AND BOARD ALLOWANCE

1100                  A.    The daily travel allowance will be paid by the Employers to
Daily                       their employees who are not receiving room and board
Travel                      allowance as referred to in Article 1101, on the following
Allowance                   basis:

                            (i)     If an employee lives less than fifty (50) road-driven
                                    kilometers of the project, no travel allowance will be
                                    paid.

                            (ii)    If an employee lives within 50 to 70 road-driven
                                    kilometers of the project, they shall receive the rates
                                    as set out below for each day worked or reported for.

                            (iii)   If an employee lives within 70-96 road- driven
                                    kilometers of the project, they shall receive the rates
                                    as set out below for each day worked or reported for.

                            (iv)    If an employee lives within 96 to 110 road-driven
                                    kilometers of the project, they shall receive the rates
                                    as set out below for each day worked or reported for.

                            (v)     If an employee lives greater than or equal to 110
                                    road-driven kilometers from the project and does not
                                    qualify for subsistence allowance under Subsection
                                    1101 below, they shall receive the rates as set out
                                    below for each day worked or reported for.

                                     Daily Travel
                                     Section   A(ii)        A(iii)     A(iv)      A(v)
                                     1100
                                               50-70        70-96      96-110     ≥110
                                               road-        road-      road-      road-
                                               driven       driven     driven     driven
                                               km           km         km         km
                                     5/1/2025 $33.14        $38.50     $42.00     $49.37
                                     5/1/2026 $33.97        $39.46     $43.05     $50.60
                                     5/1/2027 $34.82        $40.45     $44.13     $51.87
                                     5/1/2028 $35.69        $41.46     $45.23     $53.17
                                     5/1/2029 $36.58        $42.50     $46.36     $54.50

                            (vi)    Employees using company vehicles are not entitled to
                                    daily travel

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 29
                            (vii)   Upon application, payment of Room and
                                    Board/Travel Allowance will be issued for the first
                                    two pay periods. Failure to provide satisfactory proof
                                    of eligibility during the first 14 calendar days, will
                                    result in cessation of payments and the recovery in
                                    two equal amounts. In the event of termination for
                                    any reason before full recovery, any balance owing
                                    will be deducted from the final pay.

                      B.    When the employee is in receipt of Room & Board
                            Allowance on remote projects, and where the nearest place of
                            accommodation is in excess of sixty (60) road-driven
                            kilometres from the job, the employer shall have the option
                            of providing transportation from the temporary
                            accommodation, or paying travel allowance in accordance
                            with Article 1100 A (i) to (vii).

1101                  A.    The following conditions will apply for employees whose
Room and Board              regular residence* is greater than or equal to 110 road-driven
Allowance                   kilometers from the project:

                            (i)     An Employer may supply either:

                                    (a)    free room and board in camp or a good
                                           standard of board and lodging within a
                                           reasonable distance of a project; or
                                    (b)    a subsistence allowance; or
                                    (c)    a travel allowance.

                            (ii)    An employee may exercise their option not to stay in
                                    a camp or accept free room and board. An employee
                                    who exercises this option shall receive a room and
                                    board allowance as follows:

                                    (a)    When an employee's regular residence is
                                           greater than or equal to 110 road-driven
                                           kilometers from a Project located North of the
                                           French River and the employee maintains
                                           temporary accommodation at or near the
                                           Project, the employee shall be paid a
                                           subsistence allowance as set out below for
                                           each day worked or reported for.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 30
*    An Employee's "Regular Residence" is:

     1.    The place where the employee maintains a self-contained, domestic establishment
           (a dwelling house, apartment or similar place of residence where a person
           generally eats and sleeps and for which they can show proof of financial
           commitment). This is in contrast to a boarding house facility which is not
           self-contained; and

     2.    The employee normally resides in the residence except for those periods of time
           when, because of the location of the work, the employee obtains temporary
           accommodation for that work location

                                    (b)     When an employee's regular residence is
                                            greater than or equal to 110 road-driven
                                            kilometers from a Project located South of the
                                            French River and the employee maintains
                                            temporary accommodation at or near the
                                            project, the employee shall be paid a
                                            subsistence allowance as set out below for
                                            each day worked or reported for, subject to (d)
                                            below.

                                    (c)     When an employee's regular residence is
                                            greater than or equal to 110 road-driven
                                            kilometers from the Project and the employee
                                            commutes to work on a daily basis, the
                                            employee shall receive the rates as set out
                                            below for each day worked or reported for.

                                    (d)     At the Pickering and Darlington Projects,
                                            employees who live beyond 110 road-driven
                                            kilometers from the Project, shall receive the
                                            rates as set out below for each day worked or
                                            reported for.

                                    (e)     At the Bruce Power Projects, employees who
                                            live beyond 110 road-driven kilometers from
                                            the Project, shall receive the rates as set out
                                            below per day travel allowance for each day
                                            worked or reported for.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 31
                                     Room and Board Allowance
                                     Section A(ii)    A(ii)   A(ii)(c)      A(ii) (d)      A(ii)
                                     1101     (a)     (b)                                  (e)
                                              North South ≥110              Pickering      Bruce
                                              of      of      road-         and            Power
                                              French French driven          Darlington
                                                              km
                                     5/1/2025 $145    $125    $61.34        $120           $135
                                     5/1/2026 $150    $130    $62.87        $125           $140
                                     5/1/2027 $155    $135    $64.44        $130           $145
                                     5/1/2028 $155    $140    $66.05        $135           $150
                                     5/1/2029 $160    $145    $67.70        $140           $150

                                    (f)    When an employee’s regular residence is
                                           more than four hundred and eighty (480) road-
                                           driven kilometres from the project, and the job
                                           or project is worked on a four ten (4 x 10's)
                                           hour work week, the employee shall receive
                                           room and board on a five (5) day basis for a
                                           regular work week. If the employee is
                                           required to work an additional ten (10) hour
                                           shift(s) beyond the normal four ten (4 x 10)
                                           hour shift, and has worked the full schedule,
                                           the employee will be entitled to room and
                                           board for an additional ten (10) hour shift
                                           worked to a maximum of seven (7) days room
                                           and board in a week.

                      B.    An employee shall not qualify for daily travel allowance or
                            room and board allowance as provided for in Article 1100
                            and Article 1101, Item A above, when such employee reports
                            for work but does not remain at work for their scheduled
                            daily hours unless excused by an authorized representative of
                            their Employer. Such permission shall not be unreasonably
                            denied.

                      C.    The Union recognizes the Employer's right to charge for
                            board and other existing services. The Employer fixes the
                            charge for board and other existing services in camps at
                            $25.00 per day. This will be applied on the following basis:




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 32
                            (i)     An employee who remains in camp on a normally
                                    scheduled work day on which they do not work will
                                    be charged $25.00 per day unless they are excused
                                    from work for a legitimate reason by the Project
                                    medical attendant or an authorized representative of
                                    their Employer.

                            (ii)    An employee who is absent from work on Friday
                                    without approval and who remains in camp and who
                                    is still absent from work on the following Monday
                                    without approval will be charged for room and board
                                    for Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.

                            (iii)   An employee who remains in camp and who is absent
                                    from work without approval on Friday but who works
                                    the following Monday will be charged for the day of
                                    absence and will not be charged for Saturday and
                                    Sunday.

                            (iv)    An employee who remains in camp and who works
                                    the Friday and is absent from work without approval
                                    on the following Monday will be charged for the day
                                    of absence and will not be charged for Saturday and
                                    Sunday.

                        D. TRAVEL TIME WITHIN LOCAL 402 AND 1687

                            If receiving the room and board allowance under 1100 B, an
                            employee will receive the following when travelling from the
                            nearest available accommodation:
                                    • If travelling to a project within 40 – 56 road km,
                                        ½ hour regular time pay
                                    • If travelling to a project within 57 – 80 road km,
                                        1hour regular time pay
                                    • If travelling to a project within 81 – 120 road km,
                                        1 ½ hours regular time pay
                                    • If travelling to a project within 121 – 160 road
                                        km, 2 hours regular time pay
                                    • If travelling to a project over 160 road km, then
                                        actual travel time will be paid at the regular time
                                        rate of pay.

                            Travel allowance will be adjusted when the employee’s work
                            location changes.


EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 33
                            Travel time within Local 402 and 1687
                            In accordance with article 1100 B, an employee is still
                            entitled to the daily travel above when the employer provides
                            transportation.

1102                  A.    On recruitment of tradespeople who live between 110 and
Initial and Return          189 road-driven kilometers from the project, the Employer
Travel and                  shall pay $50.00 effective May 1, 2025 for the initial trip to
Transportation              the project.

                      B.    On recruitment of tradespeople who live in Ontario but
                            beyond 189 road-driven kilometers from the project, the
                            Employer shall pay $0.60per road-driven kilometer, plus an
                            allowance for travel time based on one (1) hour's base rate of
                            pay for each ninety-six (96) road-driven kilometers of travel
                            to a maximum of eight (8) hours' pay for the initial trip to the
                            project from where the tradesperson lives or the place of
                            recruitment, whichever is closer to the project.

                      C.    On recruitment of tradespeople who live outside Ontario and
                            beyond one hundred and eighty-nine (189) road-driven
                            kilometers from the project, the Employer shall pay the
                            equivalent of the cost of public transportation plus an
                            allowance for travel time based on one (1) hour’s base rate of
                            pay for each ninety-six (96) road-driven kilometers of travel
                            to a maximum of eight (8) hours’ pay for the initial trip to the
                            project from where the tradesperson lives or the place of
                            recruitment, whichever is closer to the project.

                      D.    To qualify for payment in Items A, B, or C, the employee
                            must remain at the project for a minimum of fifteen (15)
                            working days or the duration of the job, whichever is lesser.

                      E.    On termination of employment due to a reduction of staff, an
                            employee entitled to payment under Items A, B or C shall be
                            entitled to return expenses calculated in the same manner as
                            in Items A, B or C above for the return trip from the project
                            to where the tradesperson lives or place of recruitment,
                            whichever is closer to the project. An employee whose
                            employment terminates for any reason other than reduction
                            of staff shall not be eligible for return payment.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 34
                      F.    For Locals 402 and 1687 only, notwithstanding section
                            1102B C and D above, when an employee is required to
                            report to a different location, they will receive initial travel
                            between the current location and the new work location on
                            the basis of one (1) hour’s pay at the regular rate for each
                            eighty (80) road km of travel, or part thereof, to a maximum
                            of eight (8) hour’s pay at the regular rate. If the employee is
                            terminated due to a reduction of staff at the new work
                            location, their return travel will be calculated on the basis of
                            one (1) hour’s pay at the regular rate for each eighty (80)
                            road km of travel or part thereof, to a maximum of eight (8)
                            hours pay at the regular rate.

1103                  A.    An employee who is requested or receives approval
Use of                      from an authorized representative of their Employer to use
Personal                    his personal vehicle for the convenience of their Employer
Vehicle                     shall be reimbursed $0.60 per road-driven kilometer travelled
                            for such use of their vehicle.

1104                  A.     For the purpose of the Collective Agreement, “road-driven
                            kilometres” is based on the shortest available road-driven
                            distance from where an employee lives to either the work
                            location or declared assembly point, depending on where the
                            employee is directed to report, as measured through Google
                            Maps.

1105                        Wrap Around for Remote Hydro Electric Generating Sites in
                            the Local Areas of 402 and 1687

                            Each employee will receive a one-time payment every forty-
                            two (42) calendar days, contingent upon the work location's
                            distance from their regular residence as detailed below. This
                            payment will be issued regardless of whether the employee
                            returns to their place of residence.

                            a) If the distance is 110 to 359 road-driven kilometers: $100
                               (one hundred dollars)
                            b) If the distance is 360 to 599 road-driven kilometers: $250
                               (two hundred and fifty dollars)
                            c) If the distance is equal to or more than 600 road-driven
                               kilometers: $500 (five hundred dollars)




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 35
                       SECTION 12 TOOLS AND CLOTHING

1200                  A.    Employees shall be required to provide themselves with
Tools and                   the ordinary hand tools of the trade as specified in the
Clothing                    attached tool list. The Employer will provide insofar as is
                            practical, separate facilities for storing the tools, but shall not
                            be held responsible for losses, except as noted hereunder:

                            (i)     When personal tools valued in excess of $15.00 are
                                    lost due to fire, the Employer will consider
                                    replacement or payment value to a maximum of
                                    $750.00 based on the merit of each case. This will
                                    include only personal tools that a tradesperson is
                                    required to have to perform their normal duties with
                                    the Employer.

                            (ii)    The Employer agrees to compensate employees for
                                    tools lost by theft, as supported by claims submitted
                                    in writing with substantiating evidence to establish
                                    theft resulting from forcible entry to locked storage
                                    provided by the Employer to a maximum of $750.00.

                            (iii)   In the event of a loss by fire at a work location,
                                    replacement or payment of the full estimated value in
                                    excess of $15.00 but not exceeding $750.00 for the
                                    loss of personal clothing will be made.

                            (iv)    In the event of a loss by fire at an Employer operated
                                    camp, replacement or payment of the full estimated
                                    value in excess of $15.00 but not exceeding $750.00
                                    for the loss of personal clothing will be made.

                      B.    Employees who have obtained tools from the Employer's tool
                            crib shall be allowed sufficient time, in the opinion of
                            Management, to return such tools to the tool crib during
                            working hours. Employees receiving tools from such tool
                            crib shall be held responsible for the return of such tools in
                            good condition, subject to normal wear and tear. On layoff,
                            employees will be allowed reasonable time to return tools to
                            the tool crib.

                      C.    Gang tools are tools which are issued to a foreperson and are
                            used by one or more members of the crew. Such tools are
                            not identified on trade tool lists, nor are they the tools and
                            equipment identified in Items A and B of this Section. Such
                            tools shall be the responsibility of the Employer.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                           Page 36
                      D.    Employees eligible for payment under A above shall be
                            reimbursed within 60 days after the date of submitting a
                            claim. The Employer shall provide tools for the employee to
                            use during the replacement period.

1201                  A.    Employees are required to wear protective clothing and
Protective                  use protective equipment appropriate for the work
Clothing and                being done. When it is reasonably determined that rainwear
Equipment                   is required, the appropriate rainwear will be supplied by the
                            Employer. The Employer shall supply employees
                            working in close proximity to obvious fire hazards (i.e. open
                            flame) with fire retardant coveralls.
                            On abnormally dirty and/or corrosive work, in which the
                            employee's clothing may be excessively or permanently
                            damaged, the Employer will supply protective clothing and
                            equipment (including gloves and coveralls where
                            appropriate) at no cost to the employee.

                      B.    Employees shall supply themselves with, and wear at all
                            times on the job, an approved safety helmet and safety
                            footwear.

                            When an Employer wishes an employee to wear a
                            specifically identified safety helmet, the Employer shall
                            provide it on loan, complete with a new liner.

                      C.    Protective clothing and equipment (including gloves,
                            coveralls and fire retardant coveralls) and rainwear that is
                            provided by the Employer will be charged out to an
                            employee and the employee shall be responsible for the
                            return of such protective clothing and equipment (including
                            gloves, coveralls and fire retardant coveralls) and rainwear
                            upon completion of the work involved.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 37
                SECTION 13 GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATIONS

1300                  A.    Grievances within the meaning of the grievance and
Grievances                  arbitration procedure shall consist only of disputes about the
                            interpretation or application of particular clauses of this
                            Agreement and about alleged violations of this Agreement.
                            In the event of any dispute concerning the meaning or
                            application of any provision of this Agreement or a dispute
                            concerning an alleged violation of this Agreement, there shall
                            be no suspension or disruption of work, but such dispute shall
                            be treated as a grievance and shall be settled, if possible, by
                            EPSCA and the Union. In the interests of expediting the
                            procedure, the parties shall process grievances in the
                            following manner.

                      B.    PRELIMINARY DISCUSSION

                            Disputes arising out of the interpretation or alleged violation
                            of this Agreement shall, if possible, be settled by discussion
                            between the employee and/or their steward and the
                            employee's supervisor.

                      C.    FIRST STEP

                            If a dispute cannot be resolved by this method, the
                            Accredited Union Representative for the Union may file a
                            formal grievance on the prescribed form with EPSCA. Such
                            grievance shall be filed within fifteen (15) working days of
                            the alleged grievous act.

                            Within ten (10) working days of the filing of the grievance,
                            the Employer shall investigate the grievance and convene a
                            meeting which they or the Accredited Union Representative
                            considers necessary to resolve it. The Employer shall give
                            their reply on the prescribed form to the Accredited Union
                            Representative within five (5) working days from the date of
                            the First Step meeting.

                            Copies of completed grievance forms signed by the
                            appropriate parties shall be filed by the Employer with the
                            General Manager of EPSCA and by the Accredited Union
                            Representative with the Secretary of the IBEW Construction
                            Council of Ontario.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 38
                            If a First Step grievance meeting is considered appropriate,
                            the Management Committee shall comprise of two
                            Management officials, one of whom shall be a representative
                            of the Employer against whom the grievance has been filed,
                            and/or a representative of EPSCA. The Union Committee
                            shall comprise the Accredited Union Representative plus two
                            additional Union officials.

                      D.    SECOND STEP

                            If a dispute has not been resolved at the first Step of the
                            grievance procedure, the Accredited Union Representative
                            may refer the grievance on the prescribed form to the
                            Appropriate EPSCA representative or the Employer. Such
                            grievances shall be referred within ten (10) working days
                            after the disposition has been issued under the First Step of
                            this procedure. A copy of the grievance form shall be
                            forwarded by the Accredited Union Representative to the
                            Secretary of the IBEW Construction Council of Ontario .

                            The Appropriate EPSCA representative or the Employer shall
                            investigate the grievance and convene a meeting which they
                            or the Secretary of the IBEW Construction Council of
                            Ontario considers necessary to resolve it and give their reply
                            on the prescribed form to the Secretary of the IBEW
                            Construction Council of Ontario within five (5) working days
                            from the receipt of the grievance form which was completed
                            at First Step.

                            If a Second Step grievance meeting is considered appropriate,
                            the Management Committee shall comprise of the
                            Appropriate EPSCA representative plus two other
                            Management representatives, one of whom shall be a
                            representative of the Employer against whom the grievance
                            has been filed. The Union Committee shall comprise three
                            persons, including one of the Secretary-Treasurer, Chair or a
                            designate appointed by the Secretary-Treasurer or Chair of
                            the IBEW Construction Council of Ontario and the
                            Accredited Representative for the grievor, plus one other
                            representative of the Union.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 39
                      E.    EPSCA OR UNION GRIEVANCES

                            The processing of EPSCA grievances shall begin at the
                            Second Step. EPSCA may submit either policy or specific
                            grievances. The Union may also institute policy grievances
                            at this Step. Such policy or specific grievances shall be
                            submitted within thirty (30) days of the alleged grievous act.

                      F.    TIME LIMITS

                            The time limits as to both documents and procedure set out in
                            the above Subsections shall be complied with by the parties
                            to this Agreement provided, however, that the parties may
                            mutually agree in writing in respect to an extension or waiver
                            of any of the time limits imposed. Where no answer is given
                            within the time limits specified in the grievance procedure,
                            the employee concerned, the Union or EPSCA or the
                            Employer shall be entitled to submit the grievance to the next
                            step of the grievance procedure. Any grievance not
                            processed within the time limits specified in the grievance
                            procedure shall be deemed to have been withdrawn and
                            ineligible for arbitration.

                      G.    Alleged unjustified termination, discharge, suspension or
                            disciplinary action may be grieved beginning at First Step.

                      H.     Disputes about the interpretation or application of particular
                             clauses of this Agreement and about alleged violations of
                             this Agreement shall not be processed under Section 133 of
                             the Labour Relations Act of Ontario by either party until the
                             provisions set forth in this Section for the resolution of such
                             disputes have been fully exhausted.

                      I.    GRIEVANCE FACILITIES

                            EPSCA shall provide the necessary facilities for all grievance
                            meetings.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 40
1301                  A.    If any dispute about the interpretation or application of
Arbitrations                particular clauses of this Agreement or about an alleged
                            violation of this Agreement cannot be settled through the
                            grievance procedure outlined in Subsection 1300, the matter
                            may be submitted within thirty (30) days of its failure of
                            settlement by grievance procedure by either EPSCA or the
                            Union to a Board of Arbitration for adjudication. The party
                            desiring to submit the dispute to arbitration shall notify the
                            other party in writing of its desire and the notice shall contain
                            the name of the first party's nominee to an arbitration board.
                            The recipient of the notice shall, within five (5) working
                            days, inform the other party of the name of its nominee to the
                            arbitration board. The two nominees so selected shall, within
                            ten (10) working days of the appointment of the second of
                            them, appoint a third person who shall be the Chair. If the
                            recipient of the notice fails to appoint a nominee, or if the
                            nominees fail to agree upon a Chair, the appointment shall be
                            made by the Minister of Labour for Ontario upon the request
                            of either party. The arbitration board, when selected or
                            appointed, will proceed as soon as practicable to hear and
                            determine the dispute and it shall issue a decision which is
                            final and binding upon the parties and upon their respective
                            members. The decision of a majority is the decision of the
                            arbitration board, but if there is no majority, the decision of
                            the Chair governs.

                      B.    The arbitration board shall have no power to add to or
                            subtract from or modify any of the terms of this Agreement.
                            The arbitration board shall not substitute its discretion for
                            that of the parties except where the board determines that an
                            employee has been discharged or otherwise disciplined for
                            cause when this Agreement does not contain a specific
                            penalty for the infraction that is the subject matter of the
                            arbitration. In such cases, the arbitration board may
                            substitute such other penalty for the discharge or discipline as
                            to the arbitration board seems just and reasonable in all
                            circumstances. The arbitration board shall not exercise any
                            responsibility or function of the parties. The arbitration
                            board shall not deal with any matter not contained in the
                            original statement of grievance filed by the party referring the
                            matter to arbitration.

                      C.    In arbitration proceedings, each party shall pay the fees and
                            expenses of its nominee, whether appointed by the party or
                            by the Minister of Labour for Ontario, and the fees and
                            expenses of the Chair shall be shared equally by the parties.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 41
                      D.    The time limits as to both documents and procedure set out in
                            this Subsection shall be observed by the parties to this
                            Agreement provided, however, that the parties may mutually
                            agree in writing in respect to an extension or waiver of any of
                            the time limits imposed.

1302                  A.    There shall be no strikes or lockouts so long as this
No Strike-                  Agreement continues to operate.
No Lockout


                             SECTION 14 COMMITTEES

1400                  A.    To advance harmonious relations between EPSCA, the
Executive                   Employers, the Union, and the employees, EPSCA and the
Committee                   Union shall each appoint an Executive Committee. The
                            Executive Committee of EPSCA shall consist of the Board of
                            Directors and Officers of the Association. The Executive
                            Committee of the Union shall consist of the IBEW
                            Construction Council of Ontario.

                            The Committee shall meet together at least annually to
                            review matters associated with the administration of this
                            Collective Agreement with the intent of achieving uniformity
                            of application of this Agreement wherever employees are
                            working in the Province.

                            The Committees may also consider matters related to
                            construction safety.

1401                  A.    An Apprenticeship Council shall be established within each
Apprenticeship              Local Union's jurisdictional area and shall meet on a regular
Committee                   basis. This Council shall consist of an equal number of
                            members of the Local Union and representative of the
                            Employers from the area covered by the Local Union. Where
                            applicable, a representative of the Apprenticeship Branch of
                            the Ontario Government may also be appointed as an advisor
                            to the regular Council members.

                      B.    The Joint Apprenticeship Council shall be responsible for the
                            establishment and maintenance of an apprenticeship training
                            program, as well as adopting operating rules and conditions
                            with respect thereto which are complementary to and in
                            keeping with the intent of the Apprenticeship and
                            Tradespeople's Qualification Act R.S.O. 1970 as amended.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 42
                      C.    All founding documents and/or agreements, and terms of
                            reference establishing and guiding the activities of the local
                            Apprenticeship Councils shall be registered with the
                            Provincial Joint Council.

                      D.    Apprentices shall be hired by the Employers, as and when
                            required, from a pool of qualified apprentices established by
                            the local JAC (or LAC) in accordance with the procedures
                            established under the local JAC (LAC) Terms of Reference.

                      E.    All apprentices shall be governed by the Ontario
                            Apprenticeship and Tradesperson's Qualification Act and
                            Regulations but the ratio of apprentices to journeypeople may
                            be set from time to time by the Executive Committee.

                      F.    In order to expedite the Apprentice's entrance into
                            Journeyperson status, the following policy shall apply:
                            (i)    The Apprentice must apply to the Apprenticeship
                                   Branch to write their examination as soon as possible
                                   after they have reached their total hours, less 300.

                            (ii)    The Apprentice will give the LAC/JAC two weeks'
                                    notice that they are going to write their examination.

                            (iii)   After writing the examination, the Apprentice will
                                    check their hours in their Progress Record Book, with
                                    LAC/JAC.

                            (iv)    The Employer will commence paying the
                                    Journeyperson's rate of pay the day after the
                                    Apprentice completes their hours and providing the
                                    following conditions have been met:

                                    (a)    The Employer is satisfied that the Apprentice
                                           has completed their hours. If there is a
                                           question concerning the completion of hours,
                                           confirmation will be supplied by the
                                           LAC/JAC and/or the Union, and,

                                    (b)    The Employer is shown written proof of
                                           Certification from the Apprenticeship Branch,
                                           or has verbal confirmation from the LAC/JAC
                                           and/or the Union, and



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 43
                                    (c)     The Apprentice has passed their examination
                                            for their Certification of Qualification (C of
                                            Q).

                      G.     In the event that an Apprentice fails their examination for
                             their C of Q, they will be paid the journeyperson rate of pay
                             from the day they pass any future examinations.

                      H. Where the Apprenticeship Council is unable to reach an
                         agreement on any matter concerning apprenticeship, the issue
                         shall be referred to the Executive Committee for their decision.


                     SECTION 15 LUNCHROOM FACILITIES

1500                  A.     Adequately heated accommodation separate from
Lunchroom                    change rooms and washrooms shall be provided by the
Facilities                   Employer on each project when necessary and where such
                             accommodation can be reasonably provided for. Such
                             accommodation shall be weatherproof and shall be kept
                             reasonably clean. A table and sufficient benches or seats for
                             the employees on the job shall be provided in the
                             accommodation. Trailerized or portable accommodation
                             shall include tables, benches, light, heat maintained at a
                             minimum sixty-eight (68) degrees Fahrenheit, proper access
                             and egress, and shall not be used for material storage.

Washroom              B.     The Employer will provide, where practical, clean, heated,
Facilities                   lighted and ventilated facilities containing flush toilets and
                             hand basins.


                           SECTION 16 ASSOCIATION FUND

1600                  A.     Each Employer bound by this agreement shall contribute
Association                  to the Electrical Power Systems Construction Association
Fund                         Fund, the amount specified on the wage schedules attached
                             hereto for each hour worked by each employee covered by
                             this Agreement.

                             The Employer shall remit such contribution to EPSCA
                             together with the supporting information as required on the
                             reporting forms.



EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 44
                           SECTION 17 RADIATION WORK

1700                  A.    A copy of Ontario Power Generation Radiation Protection
                            Procedures and any revisions will be made available to the
                            Local Union.

                      B.    Each employee will have access to their personal radiation
                            exposure record.

                      C.    Long-term employees who reach their exposure limit will be
                            given alternate employment until they can resume radiation
                            work.

                      D.    Short-term employees will be given a guaranteed period of
                            employment at their time of hire.

                      E.    Employees working in a radiation area, in plastic suits or
                            replacement material of the fully enveloping type with an
                            independent air supply, will receive $20.00 per day. A day
                            for the purpose of this item shall be defined as any period up
                            to twelve (12) hours. If any other EPSCA trade receives more
                            than this amount during the term of this agreement, the Union
                            will receive the same increase.

                      F.    Construction Radiation Protection Assistant (R.P.A.) is a
                            Construction Trades Person (Greenperson) who has achieved
                            the full radiation qualification via
                            (i)      the approved Ontario Power Generation Inc. and/or
                                     Bruce Power Training Program,
                            (ii)     has successfully completed the construction R.P.A.
                                     training and checkouts, and
                            (iii)    has performed R.P.A. functions while under
                                     supervision of a fully qualified Construction R.P.A. to
                                     the satisfaction of the Construction Site Safety Officer
                                     and the Station Health Physics Unit.

                            The Employer will select for Greenperson training only those
                            employees who are members of the Local Union for the
                            Project.

                            R.P.A. will be paid the appropriate equivalent foreperson's
                            rate when performing an R.P.A. function and will report to
                            the Site Safety Unit. An R.P.A. is a "qualification" and not a
                            "trade function" irrespective of union or trade affiliation.


EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 45
                            In the case of a recall to work, Employers reserve the right to
                            recall qualified Greenpeople in sequence from the
                            out-of-work list to the location from where they were laid off.
                            Recalled Greenpeople will perform sufficient Greenperson
                            work to maintain their skill level.


             SECTION 18 INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT

1800                  A.    Where an Indigenous commitment has been established on a
                            project, the Union will cooperate in meeting the content
                            commitments.

                            For projects, or jobs within a project, that are less than
                            $100,000 field labour, and have Indigenous content
                            commitments, the terms of the collective agreement will not
                            apply to these Indigenous commitments.

                            The parties acknowledge the traditional lands and treaty
                            territories of the Indigenous communities of Ontario and are
                            committed to a strong and respectful relationship with
                            participating Indigenous communities.

                            The parties agree to work together with the Indigenous
                            communities proactively towards removing barriers that
                            hinder the appropriate participation of Indigenous people in
                            the Building Trade Union workforce.

                            The terms and conditions of this article may be modified by
                            the mutual consent of the Union and EPSCA when they deem
                            it prudent.


               SECTION 19 STANDOFF—NUCLEAR SITES ONLY

1900                        When unable to proceed with its work, an Employer may
                            elect to either layoff or standoff part or all of its crew.

                            (a) Layoff

                            If the Employer elects layoff, it shall be carried out in
                            accordance with the provisions of the collective agreement.
                            An employee laid off will be issued or provided
                            electronically with a Record of Employment indicating "Lay-
                            Off - shortage of work."

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 46
                            (b) Standoff

                            If the Employer elects standoff, it reserves the right to
                            standoff its employees without pay up to a maximum of ten
                            (10) consecutive working days. Notification of standoff will
                            be made by the Employer during normal working hours. No
                            travel allowance will be paid to the employee for the standoff
                            period. Subsistence allowance will only be paid when proof
                            that temporary residence is being maintained is provided.

1901                        An employee qualifying for subsistence allowance (subject to
                            1900 (b)) who is placed on standoff will be paid their
                            appropriate subsistence allowance for the duration of the
                            standoff. These days are deemed to be non-work days.

                            If standoff continues beyond ten (10) consecutive working
                            days, an employee at their option may elect to remain on
                            standoff for an additional five (5) consecutive working days
                            or be laid off.

                            After fifteen (15) consecutive working days on standoff the
                            employee will be laid off or will return to work.

                            The parties acknowledge that the above-noted Standoff
                            provision shall be applied to an Employer's employees
                            equitably subject to the necessity of retaining the necessary
                            skills of particular employees.

1902                        On commencement of standoff an employee will be issued a
                            Record of Employment.

1903                        If an employee elects layoff, it shall be carried out in
                            accordance with the terms of the collective agreement. An
                            employee laid off will be issued a Record of Employment
                            indicating "Layoff – shortage of work" dating back to their
                            first day of standoff.

              SECTION 20 EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION



2000                  The parties are committed to achieving and maintaining a fair and
                      representative work force through EDI strategies intended to
                      reduce barriers to equity, diversity and inclusivity in the EPSCA
                      sector.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 47
                                SECTION 21 DE NOVO
2100
                      The parties agree there is benefit to continue addressing the mental
                      and physical well being of our members. In support of the
                      objectives of the De Novo Treatment Centre (“De Novo”), it is
                      agreed by the parties that both EPSCA and the Union (with the
                      exception of Locals 115 and 586) will each contribute five cents
                      ($0.05) for every person hour worked to De Novo for the term of
                      this agreement.

                      Locals 115 and 586 currently contribute five cents ($0.05) to their
                      own Member Assistance Plan (“MAP”) without further need to
                      duplicate with a contribution to De Novo.

                      In the event Locals 115 and/or 586 ceases to contribute to their
                      own MAP, Locals 115 and/or 586 will immediately contribute to
                      De Novo in accordance with the above.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 48
Dated this30 day of May , 2025 at Toronto, Ontario

FOR EPSCA:                                         FOR IBEW




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                 Page 49
                                      TOOL LIST


All journeypeople electricians are required to have the following tools:

1 Centre Punch
1 1/2" Cold Chisel
1 Half-round File
1 Ball Peen Hammer
1 Adjustable Hacksaw Frame
1 Knife
1 Medium Level
5 Prs. of Pliers -
8" Sidecutters, Diagonal, Longnose and 2 pairs of Channelock
6 Screwdrivers, Robertson and Standard types
1 6" Square or Combination Square
1 Steel Tape, 10 or 12-foot
1 Small Tap Wrench
1 Tool box
1 Tool Pouch and belt for hand tools




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                              Page 50
                           APPENDIX A 7 DAY COVERAGE

When working under the provisions of this appendix all conditions listed below will
supersede those contained in the main agreement. Where this appendix is silent, the
appropriate article in the collective agreement applies

This shift schedule can be used for work greater than two (2) weeks in duration, however,
it is recognized that unforeseen circumstances may require the cancellation of this
schedule.

If in the transition onto or off this 7 day shift schedule an employee would receive less
than 40 paid hours in a pay period, the employee shall receive the difference between the
total paid hours for that pay period and 40 hours pay. This does not apply to those
employees who are laid off during or at the end of the schedule. The employee(s) shift
schedule consists of four consecutive shifts (day, afternoon, or night) followed by four
scheduled days off. Shift overlap may be required.

Shift work may be established by the employer to provide seven (7) days per week work
coverage, on a one (1), two (2), or three (3) shift per day basis. When this occurs, a
specific shift arrangement will be established by the employer detailing the shift schedule
to be worked. The employer will provide the Union with forty-eight (48) hours notice
prior to the implementation of these shift provisions.

Day Shift

Regularly scheduled hours of work Monday to Friday inclusive shall be paid at straight
time hourly rates.

Afternoon Shift

Regularly scheduled hours of work, Monday to Friday inclusive shall be paid at straight
time hourly rates plus a shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) when working a two-shift or
three-shift operation of the straight time hourly rate.

Night Shift

Regularly scheduled hours of work, Monday to Friday inclusive shall be paid at straight
time hourly rates plus a shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) of the straight time hourly rate.

All Shifts

Regularly scheduled hours of work on Saturday, Sunday, Statutory and Recognized
Holidays shall be paid at two (2) times the straight time hourly rate. Recognized Holidays
will be observed on the actual day on which the holiday occurs or as declared by
legislation.

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                            Page 51
The rate for the shift will be based on the day in which the shift begins.

An unpaid lunch period of one-half (1/2) hour shall be allowed to be taken no later than
five (5) hours after the commencement of a shift.

For employees working regularly scheduled hours, two (2) fifteen (15) minute rest periods
will be allotted at a time and location directed by the employer for employees to rest.

It may be necessary, from time to time, to vary the established shift arrangements. When
this occurs, a revised shift arrangement will be established.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 52
              APPENDIX B 7 DAY COVERAGE – NUCLEAR SITES ONLY

This shift schedule is intended for work greater than four (4), eight (8) day cycles (32 days) in
duration, however, it is recognized that unforeseen circumstances may require the cancellation of
this schedule.

If in the transition onto or off this 7-day shift schedule an employee would receive less than 40
paid hours in a pay period, the employee shall receive the difference between the total paid hours
for that pay period and 40 hours pay. This does not apply to those employees who are laid off
during or at the end of the schedule.

The employee(s) shift schedule consists of four consecutive shifts (day, afternoon, or night)
followed by four scheduled days off. Shift overlap may be required.

Shift work may be established by the employer to provide seven days per week work coverage,
on a one, two, or three shift per day basis. When this occurs, a specific shift arrangement will be
established by the employer detailing the shift schedule to be worked. The employer will
provide the Union with seven (7) calendar days’ notice prior to the implementation of these shift
provisions.

First Shift (Day Shift)

Regularly scheduled hours of work of ten (10) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates.

Second Shift (Afternoon Shift)

Regularly scheduled hours of work of ten (10) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates plus the applicable shift differential per the collective
agreement. For clarity, the shift differential for those employees working the afternoon shift
when a two-shift or three-shift operation has been established by the Employer will be one-fifth
(1/5) for scheduled hours worked on that shift.

Third Shift (Night Shift)

Regularly scheduled hours of work of ten (10) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates plus the applicable shift differential per the collective
agreement.

All Shifts

Regularly scheduled hours of work on Saturday and Sunday shall be paid at two (2) times the
straight time hourly rate.

Statutory and Recognized Holidays and non-shift days shall be paid at two times the straight
time hourly rate. Recognized Holidays will be observed on the actual day on which the holiday
occurs or as declared by legislation.

EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 53
The rate for the shift will be based on the day in which the shift begins.

An unpaid lunch period of one-half hour shall be allowed to be taken no later than five hours
after the commencement of a shift.

For employees working regularly scheduled hours, two fifteen (15) minute rest periods will be
allotted at a time and location directed by the employer for employees to rest.

It may be necessary, from time to time, to vary the established shift arrangements. When this
occurs, a revised shift arrangement will be established.

Overtime will be in accordance with the provisions of the collective agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 54
     APPENDIX C NEGOTIATION FOR MAJOR REFURBISHMENTS/OUTAGES


During the course of this Collective Agreement the parties will meet and negotiate terms and
conditions for Nuclear sites that will establish the framework for Major Refurbishments and/ or
Outages. All changes must be mutually agreed upon.

This Appendix will come into effect at the date of the successful completion of those negotiations
and will form part of the IBEW CCO /EPSCA Agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 55
           LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #1: EMPLOYMENT REFERRALS



It is agreed by the parties to this understanding that, prior to any member being referred for
employment, the member must submit to a security check. Only members who successfully obtain
security clearance will be referred to the facility for employment. Once these referrals have been
hired on, they will be paid fifty ($50.00) dollars on their first week’s pay cheque, in consideration of
their time spent filling out the security clearance forms.

The Union will be notified, as soon as possible, whether or not an individual has successfully
obtained security clearance. This pre-clearance process does not prohibit the Union from filing a
grievance against the Employer on behalf of any member who is refused employment due to their
failure to obtain security clearance.

Dated at Toronto this 23rd Day of April, 1999




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 56
                              LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #2


As discussed during negotiations, in order to ensure an adequate supply of qualified tradespeople
for employment opportunities, it is agreed that the IBEW EPCO and/or Local Union(s) will
cooperate in a training process as follows:

When it is determined that a requirement can be foreseen for IBEW/Local Union members with
particular skills or qualifications, the Employer will provide the instructor(s) and the facilities at
their cost and the IBEW members, on their own time, will attend such training courses to acquire
such skills and/or qualifications.


Dated this 14 day of May, 2020 at Toronto, Ontario.



       FOR EPSCA




                                                    FOR the IBEW EPCO




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 57
   LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #3: LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES

                                 LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING

                                             BETWEEN

     THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                                   AND

             THE IBEW CONSTRUCTION COUNCIL OF ONTARIO (IBEW CCO)

Mr. Barry Roberts, Chairman
EPSCA Negotiating Committee

Dear Sir:

The IBEW CCO/EPSCA Negotiating Committees agree to the following:

Regarding:     LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES

It is agreed that Local area Hiring Hall practices shall be available to the Employers under this
Agreement.

Dated this 23rd Day of April 1999

Expiry: Duration of this Collective Agreement




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 58
               LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING # 4: CLARIFICATION NOTE


                               LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING

                                           BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                              AND

              THE IBEW CONSTRUCTION COUNCIL OF ONTARIO (IBEW CCO)




As discussed in negotiations, the Employment Practices/Hiring provisions in Section 7 allow for
the transfer of personnel within a Local Union’s geographic jurisdiction (as described in Article
202 A) within the Power Sector, e.g. from one contract to another contract on the same project
site and/or from project site to project site.



For the IBEW:
                                                                   For the EPSCA:



John Pender                                                        Neil Donnell
________________________
                                                                   ________________________
                                                            ___
John D. Pender
                                                                   Neil Donnelly


          Larry Lineham                                            Denis Flyn
_______________________
                                                                   ________________________
                                                            ___
Larry Lineham
                                                                   Denis Flynn


                                                                   Jack Gibson
                                                            ___________________________
                                                            Jack Gibson


EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 59
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #5: CLARIFICATION NOTE – REPLACEMENT OF
                    TRAVEL CARD MEMBERS

                                           BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                              AND

        THE IBEW ELECTRICAL POWER COUNCIL OF ONTARIO (IBEW EPCO)




As discussed in negotiations, in cases relating to Article 701 A (iv), the Local Union will notify
the Employer and the EPSCA Office in writing at the time it seeks to replace a travel card with a
Local Union member who does not possess the owner specific training required.

In these instances, the Employer will provide such training when the training is available and
Local member, on their own time, will complete such training before they can replace a travel
card.


Dated this 15th day of May, 2004 at Toronto, Ontario.




       FOR EPSCA                                     FOR the IBEW EPCO

             Dave Radtke                                     Jack Dowding
       _______________________                       _________________________




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                       Page 60
    LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #6: BOARD ALLOWANCE ON 4 X 10 SHIFT
                           SCHEDULE

                                           BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                              AND

                THE IBEW ELECTRICAL POWER COUNCIL OF ONTARIO



In accordance with Article 1101 A (ii) f, when an employee’s regular residence is greater than
480 road kilometers from the following projects: White Dog Falls GS, Caribou Falls GS,
Manitou Falls GS and Ear Falls GS, and a 4x10 shift schedule is established, an employee in
receipt of Room and Board allowance shall receive Room and Board allowance on a five (5) day
basis for a regular work week. Room and Board will only be paid for the fifth day when proof is
provided that the temporary residence is being maintained for the full five (5) days. If the
employee is required to work an additional ten (10) hour shift(s) beyond the normal four ten (4 x
10) shift, the employee will be entitled to room and board for an additional ten (10) hour shift
worked to a maximum seven (7) days room and board in a week.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                      Page 61
       LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #7: FOR OPG CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS
            WITHIN THE GEOGRAPHIC AREA OF LOCALS 402 AND 1687



   •    EPSCA, the Union and OPG will review, on a project by project basis, the travel, board
        and initial/return travel provisions to be determine if they are adequate;

   •    Considerations include but are not limited to, the location of the work, availability of
        accommodations, travel time, etc.;

   •    The review will normally be conducted as part of the pre-bid information process
        (i.e., prior to awarding the final contract);

   •    If new conditions arise EPSCA, the Union, and OPG will attempt to rectify the situation
        within seven (7) days of being notified by either party;

   •    If special funding is found to be unnecessary, the existing collective agreement
        provisions will apply.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                         Page 62
       LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #8: 6X3 SCHEDULE – NUCLEAR ONLY

                                            BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                                AND

                 THE IBEW ELECTRICAL POWER COUNCIL OF ONTARIO



RE: 6X3 SCHEDULE- NUCLEAR ONLY


When working under the provisions of this LOU, all conditions listed below will supersede those
contained in the main agreement. Where this LOU is silent, the appropriate Section in the
Collective Agreement applies.

This shift schedule is intended for work durations of greater than sixty-three (63) days, however,
it is recognized that unforeseen circumstances may require an interruption, suspension or
cancellation of this schedule.

If in the transition onto or off this schedule, other than a layoff, an employee would receive less
than 40 paid hours in a pay period, the employee shall receive the difference between the total
paid hours for that pay period and 40 hours pay. This does not apply to those employees who are
laid off during or at the end of the schedule.

This schedule will consist of rotations of six (6) consecutive eight (8) hour shifts at straight time,
with overtime as required, followed by three (3) consecutive days off. Where this schedule is
utilized, there will be a scheduled rest rotation where the employee will not be scheduled to work
– this scheduled rest rotation will occur on every 8th rotation. Overlap of shift and/or start/finish
times may be required.

Shift work may be established by the employer on a two or three, eight (8) hour per day shift
basis, with overtime as required. When this occurs, a specific shift arrangement will be
established by the employer detailing the shift schedule to be worked.

Where an employee works a full rotation before and after the scheduled rest rotation, with the
exception of approved time off by the employer, the employer will pay the applicable room and
board for the six (6) days on the scheduled rest rotation no later than the end of the third rotation
following the end of the scheduled rest rotation.

Shift changes amongst employees must be authorized by the employer.

If an Employer intends to assign employees to this schedule, notice of at least ninety (90)
calendar days will be provided to the union, or less upon mutual agreement between the local
business manager and EPSCA.
EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                          Page 63
Any disputes that arise from the application of this schedule shall be referred to the Nuclear
Projects Agreement Project Committee.

Shift Provisions

Day Shift
Regularly scheduled hours of work of eight (8) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates.

Afternoon Shift
Regularly scheduled hours of work of eight (8) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates plus a shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) of the straight time
hourly rate.

Night Shift
Regularly scheduled hours of work of eight (8) hours per shift Monday to Friday inclusive shall
be paid at straight time hourly rates plus a shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) of the straight time
hourly rate.

All Shifts
Regularly scheduled hours of work on Saturday, Sunday, Statutory, Recognized Holidays, and
non-shift days shall be paid at two times the straight time hourly rate. Recognized Holidays will
be observed on the actual day on which the holiday occurs or as declared by legislation.

The rate for the shift will be based on the day in which the shift begins.

It may be necessary, from time to time, to vary the established shift arrangements. When this
occurs, a revised shift arrangement will be established by the employer.

Overtime Rates
This is to clarify that overtime will be paid in accordance with Section 806 – Overtime.

Dated this 14 day of May, 2020 at Toronto, Ontario.
       FOR EPSCA                                    FOR the IBEW EPCO




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                            Page 64
 LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #9: TAXABLE ACCOMODATION BENEFIT (TAB)

                                            BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                               AND

                THE IBEW ELECTRICAL POWER COUNCIL OF ONTARIO



For the duration of this Letter of Understanding, Section 1100 A. (v) will be suspended, and the
terms outlined in this LOU will take precedence.

For employees that do not qualify for Room and Board allowance under the collective agreement
in Section 1101, and live greater than 110 road-driven kilometers from the project, they shall
receive $100.00 per day worked or reported for. To qualify, an employee must maintain
temporary accommodation at or near the project site and provide evidence of their financial
commitment. The Employer retains the right to request receipts for the purpose of verifying
ongoing eligibility. For clarity, this is a taxable allowance, and employees will not be entitled to
receive both daily travel allowance and TAB.

This LOU will come to an end with the collective agreement expiry. The parties shall convene
after November 1, 2027, to assess this LOU. Subsequently, either party may exercise the option
to provide written notice and opt out of this LOU if the intent is not met.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                        Page 65
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #10: WAGE SCHEDULE – TRAINING CHECK-OFF

                                           BETWEEN

    THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION (EPSCA)

                                              AND

                THE IBEW ELECTRICAL POWER COUNCIL OF ONTARIO



The Parties agree there will be a balanced apprentice ratio on site. There will
continue to be apprentices dispatched within Local 353 jurisdiction as requested.

The parties agree to incorporate a check off in the Local 353 wage schedule that
indicates a contribution for the training and provision of apprentices in the amount of
$0.18 (eighteen cents) for every hour worked under the Local 353 Wage Schedule.
Upon renewal of the Collective Agreement on May 1, 2025, the current EPSCA -
GTECA funding MOA shall be terminated as per the terms of the originally signed
MOAs between GTECA and EPSCA.

IBEW Local 353 agrees with the change in the funding arrangement and that
apprentices will continue to be dispatched to the EPSCA sector out of Local 353.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Generation
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                              Page 66
