               PRINCIPAL AGREEMENT

                            for

         Transmission System Construction

                          in the

           Electrical Power Systems Sector

                  made and entered into

                         between

        THE ELECTRICAL POWER SYSTEMS
          CONSTRUCTION ASSOCIATION
            (hereinafter called “EPSCA”)

                           and

THE IBEW CONSTRUCTION COUNCIL OF ONTARIO
               (hereinafter called “CCO”)
    representing the following affiliated Local Unions
  105, 115, 120, 303, 353, 402, 530, 586, 773, 804, , 1687,

             (hereinafter called the “Union”)

             May 1, 2025 – April 30, 2030
Contents
SECTION 1 PREAMBLE .........................................................................................................1
SECTION 2 SCOPE OF AGREEMENT ...................................................................................1
SECTION 3 DURATION OF AGREEMENT .............................................................................4
SECTION 4 WORK ASSIGNMENT .........................................................................................5
SECTION 5 UNION RIGHTS AND REPRESENTATIVES .......................................................7
SECTION 6 EMPLOYEE DESIGNATION ................................................................................8
SECTION 7 UNION SECURITY ............................................................................................10
SECTION 8 EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/HIRING ...............................................................10
SECTION 9 HOURS OF WORK ............................................................................................13
SECTION 10 WAGES AND PAY PROCEDURE .....................................................................17
SECTION 11 UNION AND BENEFIT FUNDS ..........................................................................21
SECTION 12 TRAVEL AND ROOM AND BOARD ALLOWANCE ...........................................22
SECTION 13 TOOLS AND CLOTHING ...................................................................................29
SECTION 14 GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATIONS ................................................................31
SECTION 15 COMMITTEES ...................................................................................................34
SECTION 16 LUNCHROOM FACILITIES ...............................................................................36
SECTION 17 INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT .........................................................36
SECTION 18 EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION ............................................................36
SECTION 19 DE NOVO ..........................................................................................................36
TOOL LIST 38
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #1 .........................................................................................39
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #2: LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES .....................40
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #3: INSIDE/OUTSIDE JURISDICTION .................................41
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #4: OWNER CLIENT TRAINING REQUIREMENTS .............42
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #5: EMPLOYMENT REFERRALS .........................................43
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #6: TAXABLE ACCOMODATION BENEFIT (TAB) ...............44
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #7: INDIGENOUS EMPLOYMENT PARTNERSHIP (HYDRO
ONE)       45
                                  SECTION 1          PREAMBLE

 100                  A.   WHEREAS EPSCA is an Association formed to represent Employers,
 Witnesseth                including Hydro One, engaged in construction industry work in the
                           electrical power systems sector in collective bargaining and on their behalf
                           enter into collective agreements covering those of their employees in the
                           bargaining unit as hereinafter defined; and

                           WHEREAS the Union, as defined in the covering page of this Collective
                           Agreement, has in its membership competent, skilled and qualified
                           journeypeople and apprentices to perform work coming within the trade
                           and craft jurisdiction; and

                           WHEREAS EPSCA and the Union desire to mutually establish and
                           stabilize wages, hours and working conditions for journeypeople and
                           apprentices employed by Employers within the electrical power systems
                           sector of the construction industry, and further, to encourage closer
                           co-operation and understanding between EPSCA and the Union to the end
                           that a satisfactory, continuous and harmonious relationship will exist
                           between the parties to this Agreement.

                           NOW THEREFORE, EPSCA and the Union mutually agree that the
                           working conditions as set out below shall be applicable throughout the
                           Province of Ontario.


                           SECTION 2        SCOPE OF AGREEMENT

 200                  A.   EPSCA recognizes the Union as the exclusive collective bargaining agency
 Recognition               for employees in a bargaining unit as defined in Section 200 C employed by
                           contractors in contractual relations with one or more locals of the IBEW who
                           are performing construction work for Hydro One on Hydro One property.
                           This work includes the construction of Lines over 50 kV, Transformer
                           Stations, Switchyards, Sub-stations, System Control Centres and system
                           control associated telecommunication systems (including microwave and
                           repeater stations). This work excludes the construction of Lines of 50 kV or
                           under and the building of commercial-type office facilities at urban locations
                           remote from operating facilities.

                      B.   The terms and conditions of this Agreement will apply when contracts are
                           awarded by Hydro One to Employers in contractual relations with one or
                           more locals of the IBEW.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 1
                      C.   The bargaining unit under this Agreement shall comprise the following
                           classifications:

                           Electrician Journeyperson including Foreperson and Subforeperson
                           Electrician Apprentice
                           Lineperson Journeyperson including Foreperson and Subforeperson
                           Communications Electrician
                           Line Apprentice/Learner
                           Electrical Welder
                           Ground Work Foreperson and Subforeperson
                           Groundperson
                           Groundperson Driver
                           Groundperson Operator
                           Utility Person

                           Any classification of employee may be required to perform the duties of an
                           equal or lesser qualified classification provided that their wage rate is
                           maintained.

                           An employee of any classification required to operate vehicles or work
                           equipment shall have a current license as required by provincial legislation.

                           If additional classifications are required, they will be negotiated as
                           appropriate for work in the electrical power systems sector.

                      D.   The Union recognizes EPSCA as the sole and exclusive collective bargaining
                           agency for all of the Employers covered by this Agreement, and in all matters
                           pertaining to the administration of this Collective Agreement.

                      E.   The term "employee" shall include all employees of the Employers in the
                           classifications as set out in Item C above.

                      F.   A subforeperson is an individual who exercises supervisory responsibility
                           and may use the tools of the trade.

                      G.   The term "Employers" shall include any company, partnership, sole
                           proprietorship, joint venture, contractor, subcontractor or person in
                           contractual relations with the Union that agrees to be bound by the terms and
                           conditions of this Agreement.

                      H.   The classifications referred to in Item C do not establish craft jurisdiction.
                           Such jurisdiction is established in accordance with Section 4 of this
                           Collective Agreement.

                      I.   Notwithstanding the provisions contained in this Subsection, this Agreement
                           does not alter existing Agreements and practices operative between
                           individual Employers and the Union with respect to General Foreperson.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 2
 201                  A.   This Agreement shall consist of a master portion of general application to the
 Form of Agreement         construction field forces represented by the Union together with the following
                           Appendices and/or wage schedules of particular application to employees
                           represented by the Union in areas as noted in Subsection 202 below, and shall
                           also be deemed to include any additional Appendix and/or wage schedules as
                           may be revised by EPSCA and the Union from time to time.

 202
 Geographic           A.   Local          Geographic Jurisdiction
 Jurisdiction
                           Hamilton       Brant, Norfolk, Wentworth Counties and all that portion of
                           (105)          Oxford County South of a straight east to west line
                                          Connecting the Town Line Road and Newall Road in the
                                          Town of Tillsonburg, the townships of Seneca, Rainham,
                                          North Cayuga, South Cayuga, Oneida and Walpole in
                                          Haldimand County, and that Portion of Halton County west of
                                          the Eight Concession Line and South of Highway 401 in the
                                          Province of Ontario.

                           Quinte-St.     Counties of Prince Edward, Hastings Lennox and Addington,
                           Lawrence       Frontenac, Leeds, Grenville, Dundas, Stormont and
                           (Kingston)     Glengarry.
                           (115)

                           London         Counties of Elgin, Huron, Middlesex and that portion of the
                           (120)          Restructured County of Oxford north of a straight east to
                                          west line connecting the Town Line Road and Newell Road in
                                          the Town of Tillsonburg in the Province of Ontario.

                           Niagara        The Niagara Region and the portion of Halidmand-Norfolk
                           Peninsula      Region east of the road running south of Caistorville to Lake
                           (St.           Erie.
                           Catharines)
                           (303)

                           Toronto        The Regional Municipalities of York and Peel and that
                           (Local 353     portion of Dufferin County east of Highway #10 and south of
                           South)         Highway #9 and is part of the Town of Orangeville. That
                                          portion of Regional Municipality of Halton east of the Eighth
                                          Concession Line and south of 401 to Lake Ontario and the
                                          Municipality of Metro Toronto.

                           Thunder        Districts of Thunder Bay, Rainy River and that portion of the
                           Bay (402)      District of Kenora bounded on the West by the Manitoba
                                          border and on East by the 87o Meridian, in the Province of
                                          Ontario.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                   Page 3
                            Sarnia (530)   Lambton County.

                            Ottawa         Counties of Lanark, Regional Municipality of Ottawa-
                            (586)          Carleton Renfrew, Prescott and Russell in the Province of
                                           Ontario and entire Province of Quebec.

                            Windsor        Essex and County and the Municipality of Chatham-Kent.
                            (773)

                            Central        The Region of Waterloo, the Counties of Wellington, Perth,
                            Ontario        Bruce, Grey and Dufferin except that portion of Dufferin
                            (Kitchener)    County laying east of Hwy #10 and south of Hwy #9 and in
                            (804)          that portion of Halton Region north of Hwy 401 in the
                                           Province of Ontario.

                            Oshawa-Port Durham Region, Northumberland Victoria, Peterborough and
                            Hope        Haliburton Counties in the Province of Ontario, and that
                            (353 East)  portion of Simcoe County east of Lake Simcoe and Lake
                                        Couchiching.

                            Sudbury        Districts of Algoma, Cochrane, Nipissing, Sudbury,
                            (1687)         Timiskaming, Manitoulin Island, and District of Parry Sound,
                                           and the Sudbury Region save and except the townships of
                                           Humphrey, Conger, Christie, Foley, Cowper, McKellar,
                                           McDougall and Hagerman; that portion of the District of
                                           Kenora bounded on the West by the 87o Meridian and on the
                                           East by the Quebec border.

                            Georgian       Barrie and Orillia, all of Simcoe County and the District
                            Bay ( 353      Municipality of Muskoka and the Townships of Humphrey,
                            North)         Conger, Christie, Foley, Cowper, McKellar, McDougall and
                                           Hagerman in the County of Parry Sound, except the portion of
                                           Simcoe County east of Lake Simcoe and Lake Couchiching.


                           SECTION 3       DURATION OF AGREEMENT

 300                  A.    This Agreement shall become effective May 1, 2025 and will expire on
 Duration                   April 30, 2030.

 301                  A.    Either party to this Agreement may give notice in writing to the other party
 Notice                     not more than 90 days prior to the expiry date and not less than 30 days
                            prior to the expiry date of this Agreement and negotiations must begin
                            within 15 days of the giving of notice. If there is no notice given of
                            change or termination of this Agreement, as mentioned in this Section, this
                            Agreement shall remain in effect from term to term thereafter.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 4
    302                     A.     This Agreement shall be subject to amendment at any time by mutual
    Amendments                     consent of the parties hereto. Any such amendment agreed upon shall be
                                   reduced to writing, signed by the parties hereto and approved by the
                                   International Office of the Union, the same as this Agreement.


                                     SECTION 4           WORK ASSIGNMENT

    400                     A.     EPSCA will endeavour to advise the Union of all new major work and, all
    Advance Notice                 sub-contracted work which comes under the scope of the Agreement.

    401                     A.     Regular mark-up meetings will be conducted for new major Transmission
    Work Assignment                Systems Division, major Miscellaneous Projects work and all
                                   subcontracted construction work at times appropriate for the work in
                                   progress subject to the following.

                                   When work is to be performed on a project site* and it meets the following
                                   criteria; same Employer, same work, same project site, the mark-up
                                   process will not be required. This procedure shall not preclude the Union’s
                                   right to contest previously disputed work.

                                   When a Contractor or a Sub-contractor has work that is less than three (3)
                                   weeks in duration and there are ten (10) or fewer employees covered by the
                                   EPSCA Collective Agreements employed on this specific work, the Union
                                   will be notified of the scope of work and the Employer’s proposed work
                                   assignments.

                                   The Union will have two (2) weeks from the date of notification to submit
                                   jurisdictional claims and supporting evidence to the Employer for
                                   consideration. The Employer will notify the Union of the final work
                                   assignments prior to the commencement of the work.

                                   The purpose of these mark-up meetings is to indicate to the Union the
                                   work which is about to be carried out by the Employers in order to
                                   minimize the potential for jurisdictional disputes. New work assignments
                                   will be made as outlined in the Procedural Rules and Regulations of the
                                   Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                                   Industry.

                                   EPSCA or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA will provide written
                                   notice to the Union as far in advance as possible of mark-up meetings.

                                   The Union will attend these mark-up meetings, and every effort will be
                                   made to settle questions of jurisdiction before the dates that Management
                                   indicates the work is expected to commence.


*     For the purposes of this Section, Lines and Stations will be considered a single project site.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                            Page 5
                      B.   The jurisdiction of the Union shall be that jurisdiction established by
                           agreements between International Unions claiming the work or decisions
                           of record recognized by the AFL-CIO for the various classifications and
                           the character of work performed.

                      C.   In the event that a jurisdictional dispute arises over a work assignment, the
                           Employer will make an assignment for the work to be done. Such
                           assignment will remain in effect until the dispute is resolved and will not
                           interfere in any way with the progress of the work. Jurisdictional disputes
                           will not be the subject of a grievance under this Collective Agreement.

 402                  A.   In the event that a jurisdictional dispute arises over a work assignment, the
 Jurisdictional            Employer will make an assignment for the work to be done. If any Union
 Disputes                  or Unions disagree with such a work assignment, the parties will settle
                           such jurisdictional dispute in accordance with procedure as outlined by the
                           Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                           Industry, or any successor thereto.

                      B.   In the event that a jurisdictional dispute cannot be settled on a local basis
                           by the Unions involved, it shall be submitted to the International Unions
                           involved for settlement without permitting it to interfere in any way with
                           the progress of the work at any time. In the event the dispute is not settled
                           by the International Unions involved, it shall then be submitted to the Plan
                           for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction Industry
                           for resolution. The International Representative of the Union will advise
                           EPSCA in writing of their intent to submit a jurisdictional dispute to the
                           Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                           Industry and will identify in detail the work in question. The decision of
                           the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the Construction
                           Industry will be final and binding to the parties to this Agreement.

                      C.   EPSCA, or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA, shall have direct
                           recourse to the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional Disputes in the
                           Construction Industry when the Plan for the Settlement of Jurisdictional
                           Disputes in the Construction Industry has under its consideration a dispute
                           involving the assignment of work being done by employees who are
                           covered by this Agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 6
                    SECTION 5     UNION RIGHTS AND REPRESENTATIVES

 500                  A.   The Union will designate Union representatives as Accredited Union
 Accredited Union          Representatives to handle the day-to-day administration of this Agreement
 Representatives           on the basis of not more than two representatives from the Union for each
                           Superintendent. The Union will notify the General Manager of EPSCA in
                           writing of the names of such Union representatives, or alternates in the
                           event of illness or unavailability, so that they may be issued identification
                           cards to permit entry to work locations. Upon entering the work location,
                           such representatives after identifying themselves to the EPSCA
                           Representative and the authorized representative of the Employer, will be
                           free to observe the progress and conduct of the work and to conduct
                           normal Union business associated with the administration of this
                           Collective Agreement. The Union undertakes that these representatives
                           will not unduly interfere in any way with said work.

 501                  A.   The Accredited Union Representative reserves the right to appoint or
 Union Stewards            remove a Steward or Stewards on any construction site where workmen
                           are employed under the terms of this agreement. If a Steward is
                           transferred to another construction site, they will continue to be recognized
                           as a Steward unless there is another Steward on that site. In such cases, the
                           transferred Steward will not be recognized unless the Employer is notified
                           by the Union.

                      B.   The EPSCA Representative and the Employer shall be notified in writing
                           when a Steward or Chief Steward is appointed and when such Stewards
                           cease to act as Stewards.

                      C.   The Steward will be responsible for their regularly assigned work on
                           behalf of their Employer.

                      D.   Such Stewards shall be allowed sufficient time to see that the provisions of
                           this Agreement are observed.

                      E.   No Steward shall be discriminated against by the Employer because of the
                           performance of their duties as a Steward.

                      F.   Provided they are qualified to do the work, a Steward who is working on a
                           station or tower site where overtime is being worked shall be given the
                           first opportunity to work on that overtime work.

                           Provided they are qualified to do the work, a Steward who is working in a
                           work group where overtime is being worked on Saturdays, Sundays or
                           Recognized Holidays shall be given the first opportunity to work.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 7
                      G.    Where appropriate and where more than one Steward is required, one
                            Steward shall be appointed Chief Steward.

                      H.    The Chief Steward, providing they are qualified to perform the work, shall
                            not have their employment terminated or be transferred without the
                            consent of the Accredited Union Representative until as near as possible to
                            the completion of the job, unless with just cause. Where an Employer has
                            only one Steward appointed for a job, such Steward will receive the same
                            consideration given a Chief Steward as noted above.

                      I.    The Employer shall notify the Union prior to transferring a Steward to
                            another Superintendent.

 502                  A.    Any worker acting as the designated certified Health & Safety
 Certified Health &         Representative or certified alternate as defined by the Occupational Health
 Safety                     & Safety Act shall be treated the same as Chief Stewards for purposes of
 Representatives            lay-off. Providing they are qualified to perform the remaining work, the
                            designated certified Health & Safety representative or certified alternate
                            shall be the last to be laid off prior to the Chief Steward.

                      B.    If management feels that any Health and Safety representative is not
                            discharging their health and safety duties in a manner that follows the
                            intent and spirit of the legislation, the Employer may refer the issue to the
                            Executive Committee referred to in Section 15 for resolution. If the matter
                            cannot be resolved by the Executive Committee, the grievance procedure
                            may be invoked.


                           SECTION 6        EMPLOYEE DESIGNATION

 600                  A.    It is understood that forepeople and subforepeople hold responsible
 Forepeople and             positions in the relationship between the Employers and the Union. Both
 Subforepeople              parties agree that every effort should be made to recruit and retain
                            forepeople and subforepeople who have a high degree of efficiency in the
                            performance of their jobs and in the handling of their workers.
                            Recognizing the responsibilities involved in being a supervisor and a
                            member of the Union, the Employers and the Union will make every effort
                            to minimize problems that may arise which concern the relationship
                            between the forepeople and subforepeople, the Employers, and the Union.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 8
                      B.   The parties recognize the responsibilities of forepeople and subforepeople
                           to discharge their managerial duties. If the Union feels that the foreperson
                           or subforeperson is not discharging their managerial duties in a manner
                           that is fair and equitable, or if an Employer feels that the Union is
                           interfering with the foreperson or subforeperson in the performance of
                           their managerial duties, the Employer or the Union may refer the problem
                           to the Executive Committee referred to in Section 15 - Committees,
                           Subsection 1500 - Executive Committee, for resolution. If the matter
                           cannot be resolved by the Executive Committee, the grievance procedure
                           may be invoked by either party.

                      C.   The selection of forepeople and subforepeople will be the responsibility of
                           the Employers. When making appointments to the forepeople and
                           subforepeople levels, the Employers will give consideration to those
                           employees they presently employ, however, this consideration does not
                           create an obligation to make an appointment from these employees. The
                           retention of forepeople will be the exclusive right of the Employers.

                      D.   Such forepeople and subforepeople shall be members of the IBEW and
                           shall register in person or electronically at the Union office and shall be
                           issued with clearance cards. The Employer may proceed with the
                           employment of the foreperson/subforeperson if clearance has not been
                           provided within three (3) working days unless the employee’s union dues
                           are in arrears.

                      E.   In the interest of efficiency and productivity, the Employer shall have the
                           right to move forepeople and subforepeople from construction site to
                           construction site.

                      F.   The foreperson's differential shall be the greater of twelve percent (12%)
                           above the journeyperson base hourly rate or the established percentage
                           above the journeyperson rate differential as set out in the existing wage
                           schedules. The subforeperson's differential shall be the greater of six
                           percent (6%) above the journeyperson base hourly rate or the established
                           percentage differential above the journeyperson rate as set out in the
                           existing wage schedules, The rates of pay for all forepersons and
                           subforepersons covered by this Agreement will be set forth in the current
                           wage schedules. EPSCA will provide the Union with current wage
                           schedules.

                      G.   Persons appointed to foreperson positions will be provided supervisory
                           training, prior to appointment, when possible.

                      H.   Forepeople may be required to work with the tools where the crew size is
                           five (5) or less IBEW members. In all instances, the primary responsibility
                           of the foreperson shall be to perform their safety and supervisory duties.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 9
                                      SECTION 7          UNION SECURITY

    700                    A.    All employees of an Employer performing work under the scope of this
    Union Security               Agreement will be members of, or will apply within fifteen (15) calendar
                                 days of hiring, for membership in a Local Union of the IBEW as listed in
                                 Section 202A, and shall maintain such membership in good standing as a
                                 condition of employment.


                          SECTION 8          EMPLOYMENT PRACTICES/HIRING

    800                    The provisions of this Section shall be in accordance with Section 7 - Union
    Preamble               Security.

    Employment             A.     An office will be established by EPSCA, or the Employer with the
    Practices                     approval of EPSCA, for the purpose of co-ordinating employment as
                                  specified in this Section.

                           B.     EPSCA, or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA, and the Union will
                                  exchange the names of their representatives who will be responsible for
                                  co-operating in the referral and employment of reliable and competent
                                  Union members.

                           C.     EPSCA, or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA, will notify the
                                  Union of future workforce requirements for all employees coming within
                                  the scope of this Agreement.

                           D.     The Employer has full provincial mobility and reserves the right to
                                  transfer employees provincially and between construction sectors to meet
                                  its needs, having regard for the special requirements of transmission and
                                  transformation construction. The Employer shall provide transportation or
                                  pay the equivalent of the cost of public transportation or mileage,
                                  whichever is deemed appropriate by Management for the initial trip to the
                                  new work location from the employee's most recent work location. The
                                  Employer shall also pay travelling time relative to the mode of
                                  transportation at the appropriate straight-time rate up to a maximum of
                                  eight (8) hours per day.

                           E.     The Employer reserves the right to transfer key tradespeople. Key
                                  tradespeople will comprise union linepeople, electricians, communications
                                  electricians, splicers, and other specialists. Key tradespeople so transferred
                                  will be issued a clearance card from the Union office. Additional
                                  tradespersons needed for the job will be hired in accordance with 801 –
                                  Hiring and Layoff.



      Provincial mobility is the practice of transferring employees across local Union geographic areas without the
      need for local Union approval or clearance cards.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                               Page 10
                      F.   The Union will co-operate with the Employer and advise the Employer of
                           the name, address and telephone number of those being referred as soon as
                           it is known and before the employee commences work.

                      G.   In the event the Union has issues supplying workers to any project site
                           covered by this Agreement, the parties agree to meet and discuss possible
                           solutions regarding greater workforce flexibility.

 801                  A.   The employment of tradespeople and apprentices, excluding the transferred
 Hiring and Layoff         key tradespeople referred to in Subsection 800 E, shall be carried out on
                           the following basis and sequence:

                           (i)     The Employer shall hire from the Local Union having jurisdiction
                                   in that area in which the work is to be performed.

                           (ii)    Such tradespeople and apprentices will not be employed unless
                                   they are in possession of a clearance card from the Union office.

                           (iii)   If the Union is unable to furnish qualified or certified Union or
                                   travel-card members, or non-member (permit) certified
                                   electricians/qualified linepeople to the Employer within three (3)
                                   working days of the time the Union office receives the request for
                                   tradespeople (excepting Saturdays, Sundays, and Holidays), the
                                   Employer shall be afforded the right to employ qualified or
                                   certified tradespeople (travel-card members or permit holders) as
                                   are available. The Union will issue clearance cards to tradespeople
                                   hired in these circumstances. Non-members referred in this
                                   situation will be considered permit holders and the Union will
                                   notify the Employer when permit holders are referred.

                                   Travel-card members may be replaced by Local Union members
                                   and permit holders may be replaced by Local Union members after
                                   three (3) working days' notice to the Employer but in no case until
                                   such travel-card members or permit holders have worked a
                                   minimum of one (1) month. This does not include the replacement
                                   of key tradespeople.

                                   NOTE: Should the Union be unable to furnish members due to the
                                   Reliability Screening outlined in LOU #5 - Employment Referrals,
                                   the Parties agree that the timeframes defined above in Section
                                   801A (iii) shall be modified to allow the union seven (7) business
                                   days to fill the call with a member who can successfully complete
                                   the reliability screening requirement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                   Page 11
                      B.   In all cases of layoff the Employer shall layoff its employees in the
                           following sequence:

                           (i)     Permit holders;

                           (ii)    Members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers;

                           (iii)   Local union members;

                           (iv)    Key tradespeople.

                      C.   Notwithstanding Section 800 - Employment Practices and Section 801 -
                           Hiring and Layoff, re-employment as required by the Workplace Safety
                           and Insurance Board shall not be a violation of this agreement nor be
                           subject to the provisions of Section 8.

                           The Union and the Employer shall attempt to maintain a balanced
                      D.   apprentice program. All levels of apprentices shall be made available if
                           available.

 802                  When an Employer obtains work outside of their home area, the Employer shall
 Mobility             notify the local in whose jurisdictions the Employer has obtained the work.

                      Union working dues shall be payable to the local in whose jurisdiction the
                      Employer has obtained work.

 803                  A.   When unable to proceed with their work, an Employer may elect to either
 Standoff                  layoff or standoff part or all of their crew.

                           (i)     Layoff

                                   If the Employer elects layoff, it shall be carried out in accordance
                                   with the terms of Subsection 801, Item B.

                           (ii)    Standoff

                                   If the Employer elects standoff, it reserves the right to standoff its
                                   employees without pay up to a maximum of fifteen (15)
                                   consecutive working days. No daily travel or room and board
                                   allowance will be paid to an employee for a standoff period.

                      B.   If standoff continues beyond fifteen (15) consecutive working days, an
                           employee, at their option, may elect to remain on standoff up to a
                           maximum of 45 days or be removed from standoff at anytime during that
                           45 days.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 12
                      C.   An employee who elects to remain on standoff shall be issued a Record of
                           Employment Form indicating "standoff - lack of work" dating back to their
                           first day on standoff.

                      D.   If an employee elects layoff, it shall be carried out in accordance with the
                           terms of Subsection 801, Item B. Where appropriate, an employee laid off
                           will be issued a Record of Employment Form indicating "layoff - shortage
                           of work" dating back to their first day on standoff.

                      E.   No employee shall be placed on standoff more than twice annually, in a
                           calendar year (January 1st to December 31st), unless additional standoff(s)
                           is agreed to by the employee.

                      F.   Notwithstanding the other standoff provisions under this agreement, the
                           Employer may elect to standoff employees who are assigned to work
                           affected by half load season restrictions for the duration of these
                           restrictions. This will be done with the agreement of the affected
                           employee(s). When this provision is used it shall be considered one of the
                           two standoffs noted in paragraph E.


                                SECTION 9       HOURS OF WORK

 900                  A.    The normal weekly hours of work for all employees of Employers covered
 Hours of Work              by this Agreement shall be forty (40).

                            The weekly hours of work Monday to Friday inclusive shall consist of
                            forty (40) hours for all Employees covered by this agreement and working
                            on a one (1) or two (2) shift operation.

                            The Weekly hours of work may be arrived at by having the employees
                            work either:

                            •   four (4) consecutive ten-hour shifts, Monday to Thursday, or;
                            •   four (4) consecutive ten-hours shifts, Tuesday to Friday, or;
                            •   five (5) consecutive eight-hour shifts

                            but not concurrently on the same work program*

                            Weekly hours of work will be established for a minimum period of two
                            (2) weeks. If an Employer intends to change the weekly hours of work, a
                            minimum of seven (7) days written notice shall be sent to the Local
                            Union.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 13
                            * For the purposes of this section, a work program may be defined as
                              work taking place on a site that includes the following:

                                •   Outages,
                                •   Specific contracted scopes of work,
                                •   Various and different modifications in an operating plant where
                                    the owner dictates the hours of work, or
                                •   Subcontracts for a prime contractor where the prime contractor
                                    dictates the hours of work.

                      B.    The Union agrees the Employees may work eight (8) consecutive ten (10)
                            hour shifts followed by six (6) days off, providing that this is requested by
                            the Employees and approved by the Local Union Business Manager. The
                            work location must be a significant distance from the Employer’s normal
                            place of business. Approval will not be unreasonably denied.

 901                  A.    The normal daily hours, as provided for in Subsection 900 will commence
 Daily Hours                at 7:30 a.m. with a possible one (1) hour variance.

 902                  A.    For employees working normal hours, a fifteen (15) minute rest period
 Rest Periods               will be allotted, at the time directed by the Employer for each half shift
                            worked.

                      B.    For employees required to work overtime, a ten (10) minute rest period
                            will be allotted prior to the end of the normal shift before commencing
                            overtime work.

                      C.    For employees working overtime, a fifteen (15) minute rest period will be
                            allotted, at the time directed by the Employer, after each two (2) hours of
                            overtime worked.

 903                  A.    An employee who reports for work, unless directed not to report the
 Reporting Pay              previous day by their Employer, shall receive a minimum of a half shift’s
                            pay (4 hours or 5 hours) plus their appropriate daily travel or board
                            allowance at the applicable rate when they report for work but are unable
                            to commence or continue to work because of circumstances beyond their
                            control. An employee will not receive this allowance if they are unable to
                            complete their shift as a result of inclement weather.

                      B.    Notwithstanding Subsection 903, Item A above, when an Employer
                            considers it necessary to shut down a job to avoid the possible loss of
                            human life, because of an emergency situation that could endanger the life
                            and safety of an employee, in such cases, employees will be compensated
                            for the actual time worked.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 14
 904                  A.    An employee who reports for work at the beginning of a shift and is
 Inclement Weather          unable to commence work due to inclement weather will receive four (4)
 Pay                        hours' pay at the applicable rate. To qualify, the employee must remain at
                            a protected place or area as designated by the Employer for four (4) hours
                            unless excused by an authorized representative of their Employer.

                      B.    An employee who reports for and commences work but is unable to
                            continue work due to inclement weather shall receive four (4) hours' pay
                            at the applicable rate or pay for the actual time worked for that shift,
                            whichever is the greater.

                      C.    An employee in receipt of inclement weather pay shall also receive travel
                            or board allowance if applicable.

 905                  A.    New Year’s Day                        Civic Holiday
 Recognized                 Family Day                            Labour Day
 Holidays                   Good Friday                           Thanksgiving Day
                            Easter Monday                         Christmas Day
                            Victoria Day                          Boxing Day
                            Canada Day

                      B.    Recognized holidays falling on a Saturday or Sunday shall be observed on
                            the following Monday. When Christmas Day falls on a Saturday or
                            Sunday, it shall be observed on the following Monday and Boxing Day on
                            the following Tuesday. When New Year's Day falls on a Saturday, it shall
                            be observed either on the preceding Friday or following Monday.

 906                  A.    When working an eight (8) hour day and five (5) day per week work
 Overtime Rates             schedule (Monday to Friday inclusive) overtime work shall be paid at one
                            and one-half (1-1/2) times the basic hourly rate for all hours worked
                            beyond the normal daily scheduled number of hours up to a maximum of
                            two (2) hours per day. All hours in excess of ten (10) hours per day shall
                            be paid at two (2) times the base hourly rate.

                            When working on a ten (10) hour day and four (4) day per week work
                            schedule (Monday to Friday inclusive) overtime work shall be paid at one
                            and one-half (1-1/2) times the basic hourly rate for all hours worked
                            beyond the normal daily scheduled number of hours up to a maximum of
                            two (2) hours per day. All hours in excess of twelve (12) hours per day
                            shall be paid at two (2) times the base hourly rate.

                            Overtime work performed on Saturday, Sunday, Recognized Holidays and
                            non-shift days shall be paid at two (2) times the basic hourly rate.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                   Page 15
                            Employees who work in excess of twenty four (24) hours continuously
                            will continue to be paid a premium rate for all additional hours worked
                            until such time as the employee receives an eight (8) hour break from
                            work.

                      B.    When an employee has not been notified the previous day that they will be
                            required to work for more than two (2) hours beyond the normal quitting
                            time of their shift, and after approximately two (2) hours has been worked,
                            they shall be provided with a lunch and allowed thirty (30) minutes at the
                            straight time rate to consume same. After each additional four (4) hours is
                            worked, the employee shall be allowed thirty (30) minutes at the straight
                            time rate to eat and a lunch when work is required beyond that four (4)
                            hour period. If supplying a hot meal is not possible, the Employer will pay
                            the employee $25.00.

                            Where an employee has been notified the previous day, no lunch will be
                            provided, but the employee will be allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat at
                            the straight time rate.

                            When a paid meal period overlaps a rest period, the paid meal period will
                            supplant the rest period.

                            The above-noted is not applicable to the first eight (8) hours worked on
                            Saturdays, Sundays and Recognized Holidays.

                      C.    For overtime on Stations only, the Employer will endeavour to distribute
                            overtime as equally as possible among all IBEW members on the site.

 907                  A.    When an employee is called in to work outside of their normal hours of
 Call-In Pay                work, they shall receive a minimum of two (2) hours' work at the
                            appropriate premium rate plus travel allowance where applicable.

                      B.    If the employee's normal hours of work commence within this two (2)
                            hour period, the employee will be paid premium time for the actual hours
                            worked and revert to their normal rate at the commencement of their
                            normal hours of work.

 908                  A.    (i)    Shift work may be established on all work excepting tower
 Shift Work                        erection and stringing operations providing there are at least four
                                   (4) consecutive days of shifts to be worked excluding Saturdays,
                                   Sundays and Recognized Holidays. If an employee is removed
                                   from their scheduled shift prior to completing four (4) consecutive
                                   shifts, the employee shall be paid shift differential for the balance
                                   of the four (4) consecutive shifts that would have been worked had
                                   the employee not been reassigned, up to a maximum of four (4)
                                   days shift differential.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 16
                            (ii)    Where shift work is established, the normal shift hours shall be the
                                    same as the day hours.

                            (iii)   The normal starting time for day shift hours shall be the same as
                                    the day work hours described in Subsection 901.

                            (iv)    The second shift hours shall commence with the conclusion of the
                                    day shift hours.

                      B.    (i)     Employees required to work shift work on the second shift of a
                                    two-shift operation shall receive a shift differential of time and
                                    one-fifth for normal scheduled shift hours worked.

                            (ii)    No employee shall be required to work more than one shift in any
                                    twenty-four (24) hour period unless the overtime rate is paid.

                                    This is to mean from 7:30 am to 7:30 am. (With a possible
                                    variance of one (1) hour as per Clause 901)

                            (iii)   The shift rate will be based on the day in which the shift begins.

                            (iv)    Under normal conditions, no Employee shall be required or
                                    allowed to work longer than two (2) full consecutive shifts or
                                    fifteen (15) hours and must be relieved for a rest period of at least
                                    eight (8) hours.

 909                  A.    It may be necessary from time to time to vary the hours of work
 Special                    established in Subsections 901 and 908. Any amendments to the hours of
 Circumstances              work will be established by mutual agreement between the Employer and
                            the Union at the prejob conference or while the job is in progress.
                            Changes in hours of work agreed to in this section could also vary the
                            overtime hours established in 906.
 910                        The employees may make up for lost time due to inclement weather only,
 Make Up Time               providing they do not work more than 40 hours per week, or 10 hours per
                            day, at the straight time rate, Monday to Friday inclusive.

                            The parties may mutually agree to amended terms for remote and northern
                            projects.


                       SECTION 10        WAGES AND PAY PROCEDURE

 1000                A.    Wage rates for employees in the classifications listed in Subsection 200,
 Wages                     Item C, of this Agreement shall be as set forth in the current wage
                           schedules. EPSCA will provide the Union with current wage schedules.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 17
                     B.    Wage rates for all classifications listed in Subsection 200, Item C of this
                           Agreement, excluding Forepeople and Subforepeople, will be drawn up in
                           accordance with the following Table of Relationships. This table indicates
                           the relationship to be maintained between the basic classifications within
                           the bargaining unit. Changes in basic classification wage rates shall be
                           accompanied by changes in the subsidiary classification wage rates in
                           accordance with the percentages shown in the table.

                                            Table of Relationships

                           Classification                         Percent of Base Rate
                           Electrician
                           Journeyperson                          *100
                           Apprentice                             80
                              5th period                          80
                              4th period                          70
                              3rd period                          60
                              2nd period                          50
                              1st period                          40
                            *base rate

                           Classification                         Percent of Base Rate
                           Lineperson
                             Journeyperson                        100
                             Apprentice
                                4th period                        80
                                3rd period                        70
                                2nd period                        60
                                1st period                        50
                           Electrical Welder                      100
                           Groundperson
                             3rd period                           80
                             2nd period                           70
                             1st period                           60
                           Groundperson Driver
                             3rd year                             80
                             2nd year                             70
                             1st year                             60
                           Groundperson Operator
                             3rd year                             90
                             2nd year                             80
                             1st year                             70
                           Utility Person                         50




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                   Page 18
                     C.    In the event that an error is subsequently discovered on the wage schedules
                           the error shall be corrected and applied on a prospective basis and there
                           shall be no retroactive adjustment or claw back.


 1001                A.
                           Normal
 Pay Procedure

                           (i)    Employees shall be paid weekly and payment for any given week
                                  will be made not later than the sixth working day after the close of
                                  the payroll period, but in any event, not later than Thursday of the
                                  following week. In the cases of a holiday falling on a Thursday
                                  or Friday, the employee shall be paid on the Wednesday prior to
                                  this holiday.

                           (ii)   Wages shall be paid by the Employers at the work location, before
                                  quitting time, in cash or by cheque, payable at par in the locality of
                                  the work location. Accompanying each payment of wages shall be
                                  a statement, in writing, or email or epost, which can be retained by
                                  the employee, setting forth:

                                  (a)     the period of time or the work for which the wages are
                                          being paid;

                                  (b)     the rate of wages to which the employee is entitled;

                                  (c)     the amount of wages to which the employee is entitled;

                                  (d)     the amount of each deduction from the wages of the
                                          employee and the purpose for which each deduction is
                                          made;

                                  (e)     any allowance or other payment to which the employee is
                                          entitled;

                                  (f)     the amount of vacation pay for which the employee is being
                                          credited;

                                  (g)     the amount of recognized holiday pay for which the
                                          employee is being credited; and

                                  (h)     the net amount of money being paid to the employee.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 19
                           (iii)   In cases where inclement weather is declared on pay day,
                                   employees will receive their pay before leaving the work location
                                   provided it is available at the work location.

                           (iv)    The Employer may implement direct deposit. An Employer will
                                   provide assistance to employees who require assistance obtaining a
                                   bank account.

                     B.    On Termination

                           (i)     An employee who voluntarily terminates their employment will be
                                   provided their final pay on the next regular pay day for the period
                                   worked.

                           (ii)    In all cases of layoff at work locations where the Employer does
                                   not have an on-site pay office, an employee will have their final
                                   pay and termination documents mailed to their residence within
                                   two (2) business days of their termination by Express Post. At
                                   work locations where the Employer has an on-site pay office, the
                                   employee shall receive their final pay and record of employment on
                                   the day of layoff. In situations where the employee receives direct
                                   deposit, the employee will receive their final pay and termination
                                   documents within five (5) business days of their layoff and/or
                                   termination.

                                   The Employer will provide a Record of Employment (ROE) form
                                   in the employee’s final pay or will send the ROE information
                                   electronically to Service Canada within the timelines specified in
                                   Section 1001 B (ii).

                           (iii)   An employee who is discharged shall be provided with their final
                                   pay immediately if the Employer's pay facilities are at the work
                                   locations or as per Item B (ii) above, if the Employer's pay facilities
                                   are not at the work location or the employee receives direct deposit.

                           (iv)    Failure of the Employer to comply with the requirements in Clause
                                   1001 B (i), (ii) and (iii) will entitle the employee to two (2) hours at
                                   the straight time rate for each normal work day of non-compliance,
                                   to a maximum of thirty (30) hours.

                           (v)     For remote projects North of the French River, those receiving
                                   board or staying in a camp shall be provided with notice of layoff
                                   on their last day of work on site, unless agreed to otherwise
                                   between the Employee and the Employer.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 20
                           SECTION 11      UNION AND BENEFIT FUNDS

 1100                 The Employer agrees to pay welfare, pension, and SUB benefit funds. The
 Benefit Funds        amounts of welfare, pension and SUB benefit funds to be paid will be as set
                      forth in the current wage schedules provided by EPSCA.

 1101                 The Employer agrees to deduct Union Funds from wages and to remit the
 Union Funds          amounts deducted to the Union. The amounts to be deducted and remitted will
                      be as set out in the wage schedules attached hereto.

 1102                 The Union will have no later than the end of March of each calendar year to
                      provide the breakdown of dues, pension, welfare and benefits to EPSCA. The
                      parties will then have no later than 60 calendar days to review, approve, and
                      implement the wage schedules and new collective agreement. The effective date
                      for such changes shall be retroactive to May 1st of that year.

                      If no approval is received by the accredited Union representative, within the
                      timelines above the Association shall approve the wage schedule and shall apply
                      any negotiated increase to the base wage. The Union will only be able to make
                      changes in the next available window per the collective agreement.

                      B.    Payment of funds listed above shall be paid on the 15th of the following
                            month.

                            Remittances for Union and Benefit Funds as noted above, not received by
                            the fifteenth (15) day of the month, following that in which the hours are
                            worked, shall be considered overdue. If these payments are not received by
                            the last day of the same month, they shall be subject to an immediate 5%
                            assessment on the gross amount of such fund(s). And an additional 5%
                            assessment shall be levied for each thirty (30) days overdue, or portion
                            thereof, thereafter.

 1103                 A.    The Employer will remit ten (10) cents per hour worked to the Education
 Education Union            Union Fund. The Employer contribution is above the Total Wage Package
 Fund                       and will be effective the date of ratification.



 1104                 A.    The vacation and recognized holiday pay rate shall be twelve (12) percent
                            of vacationable gross earnings. The Employer will maintain its current
 Vacation and               practice with respect to the payment of vacation and recognized holiday
 Recognized                 pay entitlements. The Employer will advise the Union of its practice at the
 Holiday Pay                pre job conference.

                            It is understood by the parties that the increase in vacation and recognized
                            holiday pay from ten (10) percent to twelve (12) percent has no monetary
                            impact on the total wage package.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 21
                            B.     Where no operative vacation and recognized holiday pay plan is in
                                   existence in a locality, the Employer will maintain its current practice with
                                   respect to the payment of vacation and recognized holiday pay
                                   entitlements.

    1105                    A.     The Union agrees to supply the Employers with Administrative material
    Administration                 and information regarding the Funds identified in this Section.

    1106                    A.     The trustees of the employee benefit plans referred to in this collective
    Assignment of                  agreement shall promptly notify the union of the failure by any Employer
    Benefits                       to pay employee benefit contributions required to be made under this
                                   collective agreement and which are owed under the said plans in order that
                                   the program administrator of the Employee Wage Protection Plan may
                                   deem that there has been an assignment of compensation under the said
                                   program in compliance with the regulation to the following regulations to
                                   the current, Employment Standards Amendment Act in relation to the
                                   Employee Wage Protection Program.


                   SECTION 12             TRAVEL AND ROOM AND BOARD ALLOWANCE

    1200                    A.     The daily travel allowance will be paid by the Employers to their
    Daily Travel                   employees who are not living in camp or receiving a subsistence allowance
    Allowance                      as referred to in Subsection 1201, on the following basis:

                                   (i)      If an employee lives less than fifty (50) road-driven kilometers
                                            from the work location or declared assembly point no travel
                                            allowance will be paid.

                                   (ii)     If an employee lives within fifty (50) to seventy (70) road-driven
                                            kilometers from the work location or declared assembly point, they
                                            shall receive the rates as set out below per day travel allowance for
                                            each day worked or reported for.

                                   (iii)    If an employee lives within seventy (70) to ninety-six (96) road-
                                            driven kilometers from the work location or declared assembly
                                            point, they shall receive the rates as set out below per day travel
                                            allowance for each day worked or reported.

                                   (iv)     If an employee lives within ninety-six (96) to one hundred and ten
                                            (110) road-driven kilometers from the work location or declared
                                            assembly point, they shall receive the rates as set out below per day
                                            travel allowance for each day worked or reported for.



      For the purpose of this Section, "declared assembly point" is a material yard, field office or other location that
      may from time to time be designated by the Employer as a location for assembling prior to leaving for the work
      location.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                                   Page 22
                           (v)    If an employee lives greater than or equal to one hundred and ten
                                  (110) road-driven kilometers from the work location or declared
                                  assembly point, and does not qualify for subsistence allowance
                                  under Subsection 1201 below, they shall receive the rates as set out
                                  below per day travel allowance for each day worked or reported for
                                  provided the employee continues to travel greater than or equal to
                                  110 road-driven kilometers daily.

                                                 Daily Travel Allowance

                                   Section       A(ii)        A(iii)        A(iv)        A(v)
                                   1200
                                                 50-70        70-96         96-110       >110 road-
                                                 road-        road-         road-        driven km
                                                 driven km    driven km     driven km

                                   5/1/2025      $32.56       $37.14        $42.00       $49.29

                                   5/1/2026      $33.37       $38.07        $43.05       $50.52

                                   5/1/2027      $34.20       $39.02        $44.13       $51.78

                                   5/1/2028      $35.06       $40.00        $45.23       $53.07

                                   5/1/2029      $35.94       $41.00        $46.36       $54.40



                           (vi)   Employees using company vehicles are not entitled to daily travel.
                                  For purposes of clarity, this does not prevent an employee from any
                                  entitlements under Article 1202 F.

                      B    The Employer reserves the right to base daily travel allowance on the
                           distance in road-driven kilometers from where an employee lives to either
                           the work location or declared assembly point, depending on where the
                           employee is directed to report.
                      C.   For the purpose of the Collective Agreement, “road-driven kilometres” is
                           based on the shortest available road-driven distance from where an
                           employee lives to either the work location or declared assembly point,
                           depending on where the employee is directed to report, as measured
                           through Google Maps.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                   Page 23
    1201                   A.    The following conditions will apply for employees whose regular
    Room and Board               residence is greater than or equal to one hundred and ten (110) road-
    Allowance                    driven kilometers from the work location:

                                 (i)     An Employer may supply either:

                                         (a)      free room and board in camp or a good standard of board
                                                  and lodging; or

                                         (b)      a subsistence allowance; or

                                         (c)      a travel allowance.

                                 (ii)    An employee may exercise their option not to stay in a camp or
                                         accept free room and board. An employee who exercises this
                                         option shall receive a subsistence allowance as follows:

                                         (a)      When an employee’s regular residence is greater than or
                                                  equal to 110 road-driven kilometres from a work location
                                                  which is North of the French River and the employee
                                                  maintains temporary accommodation at or near the work
                                                  location the employee shall be paid a subsistence allowance
                                                  of the rates as set out below per day for each day worked or
                                                  reported for.

                                                  South of the French River an employee will be paid the
                                                  rates as set out below per day for each day worked or
                                                  reported for.

                                         (b)      When an employee’s regular residence is more than four
                                                  hundred and eighty (480) road-driven kilometres from the
                                                  work location and the employee is working a 4 day per
                                                  week by 10 hour per day shift, the employee will be paid
                                                  subsistence allowance for the fifth day.





      For the purpose of this Section "regular residence":
      1. The place where the employee maintains a self-contained, domestic establishment (a dwelling house,
          apartment or similar place of residence where a person generally eats and sleeps and for which they can
          show proof of financial commitment). This is in contrast to a boarding house facility which is not
          self-contained; and
      2. The employee normally resides in the residence except for those periods of time when, because of the
          location of the work, the employee obtains temporary accommodation for that work location.
      3. The calculation of distance shall be from the employee's regular residence.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                              Page 24
                                  (c)     When an employee’s regular residence is greater than or
                                          equal 110 road-driven kilometers from the work location,
                                          and the employee commutes to work daily, the employee
                                          shall receive the rates as set out below per day for each day
                                          worked or reported for.

                                                          Room and Board

                                           Section        A(ii)(a)        A(ii)(a)       A(ii)(c)
                                           1201
                                                          North of        South of       Travel >110
                                                          French          French         road-driven
                                                                                         km

                                           5/1/2025       $140.00         $140.00        $56.96

                                           5/1/2026       $145.00         $145.00        $58.38

                                           5/1/2027       $150.00         $150.00        $59.84

                                           5/1/2028       $155.00         $155.00        $61.34

                                           5/1/2029       $160.00         $160.00        $62.87



                      B.   An employee shall not qualify for daily travel allowance or room and
                           board allowance as provided for in Subsection 1200 and Subsection 1201,
                           Item A above, when such employee reports for work but does not remain
                           at work for their scheduled daily hours unless excused by an authorized
                           representative of their Employer. Such permission shall not be
                           unreasonably denied.

                      C.   The Union recognizes the Employer's right to charge for board and other
                           existing services. The Employer fixes the charge for board and other
                           existing services in camps at $25.00 per day. This will be applied on the
                           following basis:

                           (i)    An employee who remains in camp on a normally scheduled work
                                  day on which they do not work will be charged $25.00 per day
                                  unless they are excused from work for a legitimate reason by an
                                  authorized representative of their Employer.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 25
                           (ii)    An employee who is absent from work on Friday without approval
                                   and who remains in camp and who is still absent from work on the
                                   following Monday without approval will be charged for room and
                                   board for Friday, Saturday, Sunday and Monday.

                           (iii)   An employee who is absent from work without approval on Friday
                                   and who remains in camp but who works the following Monday
                                   will be charged for the day of absence and will not be charged for
                                   Saturday and Sunday.

                           (iv)    An employee who works the Friday and who remains in camp and
                                   is absent from work without approval on the following Monday
                                   will be charged for the day of absence and will not be charged for
                                   Saturday and Sunday.

                      D.   Upon application, payment of Room and Board/Travel Allowance will be
                           issued for the first two pay periods. Failure to provide satisfactory proof of
                           eligibility within the first fourteen (14) calendar days of the start of the
                           employment will result in cessation of payments and the recovery in two
                           equal amounts. In the event of termination for any reason before full
                           recovery, any balance owing will be deducted from the final pay.

 1202                 A.   The Employer will supply transportation between the assembly points and
 Travel Time               work locations.

                      B.   All travel time will be outside of normal working hours.

                      C.   On normal working days an employee will be paid their straight-time rate
                           for all time spent travelling from their assembly point to their work
                           location.

                      D.   On Saturdays, Sundays, Recognized Holidays and non-shift days identified
                           in Subsection 905 A and B, an employee will be paid their premium rate
                           for all time spent travelling from their assembly point to their work
                           location.

                      E.   An employee will travel up to a maximum of one hour on their own time
                           when returning from their work location to their assembly point.

                           (i)     On normal working days an employee will be paid their
                                   straight-time rate for all time spent travelling in excess of one hour.

                           (ii)    On Saturdays, Sundays, Recognized Holidays and non-shift days
                                   identified in Subsection 905 A and B, an employee will be paid
                                   their premium rate for all time spent travelling in excess of one
                                   hour.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 26
                      F.   Local 402 and 1687 Only

                           In addition to Article 1201, an employee will receive the following when
                           travelling from the nearest available accommodation to the assembly point:

                           •   If travelling to an assembly point within 40-56 road-driven km, ½ hour
                               regular time pay
                           •   If travelling to an assembly point within 57-80 road-driven km, 1 hour
                               regular time pay
                           •   If travelling to an assembly point within 81-120 road-driven km, 1½
                               hours regular time pay
                           •   If travelling to an assembly point within 121-160 road-driven km, 2
                               hours regular time pay
                           •   If travelling to an assembly point over 160 road-driven km, then actual
                               travel time will be paid at the regular time rate of pay

                           Travel allowance will be adjusted when the employee’s work location
                           changes. In accordance with Article 1201, an employee is still entitled to
                           the daily travel above when the Employer provides transportation.



 1203                 A.   On recruitment of tradespeople who live between one hundred and ten
 Initial and Return        (110) and one hundred and eighty-nine (189) road-driven kilometers from
 Travel                    the work location, the Employer shall pay $50.00 effective May 1, 2025
 Transportation            for the initial trip to the work location.

                      B.   On recruitment of tradespeople who live in Ontario but beyond one
                           hundred and eighty-nine (189) road-driven kilometers from the project, the
                           Employer shall pay $0.60 per road-driven kilometer, plus an allowance for
                           travel time based on one (1) hour's base rate of pay for each ninety six (96)
                           road-driven kilometers of travel to a maximum of eight (8) hours' pay for
                           the initial trip to the project from where the tradesperson lives or the place
                           of recruitment, whichever is closer to the project.

                      C.   On recruitment of tradespeople who live outside Ontario and beyond one
                           hundred and eighty nine (189) road-driven kilometers from the project, the
                           Employer shall pay the equivalent of the cost of public transportation plus
                           an allowance for travel time based on one (1) hour's base rate of pay for
                           each ninety six (96) road-driven kilometers of travel to a maximum of
                           eight (8) hours' pay for the initial trip to the project from where the
                           tradesperson lives or the place of recruitment, whichever is closer to the
                           project.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 27
                      D.   To qualify for payment in Items A,B or C the employee must be engaged
                           in construction industry work under this agreement for a minimum of
                           fifteen (15) working days or the duration of the job, whichever is lesser.

                      E.   Notwithstanding section 1203 B,C and D above, when an employee is
                           required to report to a different location, the Employee will receive a
                           transfer allowance between the current location and the new work location
                           on the basis of, after forty (40) road-driven km travel free zone, one (1)
                           hour’s pay at the regular rate for each eighty (80) road-driven kms travel or
                           part thereof, to a maximum of eight (8) hours pay at the regular rate, plus
                           mileage at the rate of $0.47/km effective May 1, 2020 provided the
                           employee uses their own personal vehicle.

                      F.   On termination of employment due to a reduction of staff, an employee
                           qualified for payment as a result of Item D above, shall be entitled to return
                           travel expenses calculated in the same manner as in Items A, B or C above
                           for the return trip from the current work location to where the tradesperson
                           lives or place of recruitment, whichever is closer to the current work
                           location. An employee whose employment terminates for any reason other
                           than reduction of staff shall not be eligible for return payment.

                      G.   At the end of each three (3) months of continuous employment at a
                           construction site where the employee resides in a camp or a camp situation,
                           they shall receive eight (8) hours' pay at their appropriate straight time rate
                           to assist in defraying costs of returning home.

 1204                 A.   An employee who is requested or receives approval from an authorized
 Use of Personal           representative of their Employer to use their personal vehicle for the
 Vehicle                   convenience of their Employer shall be reimbursed $0.60 effective May 1,
                           2025 per road-driven kilometre travelled for such use of their vehicle.



 1205                      Wrap Around (Local 402 and 1687 Only)
 Wrap Around               Employees on the project shall be paid their applicable initial travel
                           allowance – as per Section 1203 A, B or C – to and from the jobsite every
                           forty-two (42) calendar days. This shall be paid whether or not the
                           employees actually return to their place of residence.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 28
                                  SECTION 13         TOOLS AND CLOTHING

    1300                   A.     Employees shall be required to provide themselves with the ordinary hand
    Tools and Clothing            tools of the trade as specified in the attached tool list. The Employer will
                                  provide insofar as is practical, separate facilities for storing the tools, but
                                  shall not be held responsible for losses, except as noted hereunder:

                                  (i)     When personal tools valued in excess of $15.00 are lost due to fire,
                                          the Employer will consider replacement or payment value to a
                                          maximum of $750.00 based on the merit of tools that a
                                          tradesperson is required to have to perform their normal duties with
                                          the Employer.

                                  (ii)    The Employer agrees to compensate employees for tools lost by
                                          theft, as supported by claims submitted in writing with
                                          substantiating evidence to establish theft resulting from forcible
                                          entry to locked storage provided by the Employer to a maximum of
                                          $750.00.

                                  (iii)   In the event of a loss by fire at a work location, replacement or
                                          payment of the full estimated value in excess of $15.00 but not
                                          exceeding $750.00 for the loss of personal clothing will be made.

                                  (iv)    In the event of a loss by fire at an Employer operated camp,
                                          replacement or payment of the full estimated value in excess of
                                          $15.00 but not exceeding $750.00 for the loss of personal clothing
                                          will be made.

                           B.     Employees who have obtained tools from the Employer's tool crib shall be
                                  allowed sufficient time, in the opinion of Management, to return such tools
                                  to the tool crib during working hours. Employees receiving tools from
                                  such tool crib shall be held responsible for the return of such tools in good
                                  condition, subject to normal wear and tear. On layoff or standoff
                                  employees will be allowed reasonable time to return tools.

                           C.     Gang tools are tools which are issued to a foreperson and are used by one
                                  or more members of the crew. Such tools are not identified on trade tool
                                  lists, nor are they the tools and equipment identified in Items A and B of
                                  this Section. Such tools shall be the responsibility of the Employer.

                           D.     Employees eligible for payment under A above shall be reimbursed within
                                  ten (10) working days after the date of submitting a claim.





      Notwithstanding the attached tool list, this Agreement does not alter existing agreements operative between
      individual Employers and other Local Unions of the IBEW with respect to the provision of tools.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                                Page 29
                       E.   Where the Employer is required to provide fire retardant clothing the union
                            will inform all members to return any outerwear clothing to the Employer
                            upon termination.

 1301                  A.   Employees are required to wear protective clothing and use protective
 Protective Clothing        equipment appropriate for the work being done. When it is reasonably
 and Equipment              determined that rainwear is required, the appropriate rainwear will be
                            supplied by the Employer. The Employer shall supply employees working
                            in close proximity to obvious fire hazards (i.e. open flame) with flame
                            resistant coveralls.

                            On abnormally dirty and/or corrosive work, in which the employee's
                            clothing may be excessively or permanently damaged, the Employer will
                            supply protective clothing and equipment (including gloves and coveralls
                            where appropriate) at no cost to the employee.

                       B.   Employees shall supply themselves with, and wear at all times on the job,
                            an approved safety helmet and safety footwear.

                            When an Employer wishes an employee to wear a specially identified
                            safety helmet, the Employer shall provide it on loan, complete with a new
                            liner.

                       C.   The Employer agrees to supply gloves as required to employees engaged
                            on line work and station work when the nature of the work involves the use
                            of synthetic ropes or galvanized steel.

                       D.   Protective clothing and equipment (including gloves, coveralls and fire
                            resistant coveralls) and rainwear that is provided by the Employer will be
                            charged out to an employee and the employee shall be responsible for the
                            return of such protective clothing and equipment (including gloves,
                            coveralls and fire resistant coveralls) and rainwear upon completion of the
                            work involved.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 30
                     SECTION 14         GRIEVANCES AND ARBITRATIONS

 1400                 A.   Grievances within the meaning of the grievance and arbitration procedure
 Grievances                shall consist only of disputes about the interpretation or application of
                           particular clauses of this Agreement and about alleged violations of this
                           Agreement. In the event of any dispute concerning the meaning or
                           application of any provision of this Agreement or a dispute concerning an
                           alleged violation of this Agreement, there shall be no suspension or
                           disruption of work, but such dispute shall be treated as a grievance and
                           shall be settled, if possible, by EPSCA and the Union. In the interests of
                           expediting the procedure, the parties shall process grievances in the
                           following manner.

                      B.   Preliminary Discussion

                           Disputes arising out of the interpretation or alleged violation of this
                           Agreement shall, if possible, be settled by discussion between the
                           employee and/or their steward and the employee's supervisor.

                      C.   First Step

                           If a dispute cannot be resolved by this method, the Accredited Union
                           Representative for the Union may file a formal grievance on the prescribed
                           form with the Employer. Such grievance shall be filed within fifteen (15)
                           working days of the alleged grievous act.

                           Within ten (10) working days of the filing of the grievance, the Employer
                           shall investigate the grievance and convene a meeting which they or the
                           Accredited Union Representative considers necessary to resolve it. The
                           Employer shall give their reply on the prescribed form to the Accredited
                           Union Representative within five (5) working days from the date of the
                           First Step meeting.

                           Copies of completed grievance forms signed by the appropriate parties
                           shall be filed by the Employer with the General Manager of EPSCA and by
                           the Accredited Union Representative with the Business Manager of the
                           appropriate Local Union.

                           If a First Step grievance meeting is considered appropriate, the
                           management Committee shall comprise the Employer. The Union
                           Committee shall comprise the Accredited Union Representative plus two
                           additional Union officials.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                        Page 31
                      D.   Second Step

                           If a dispute has not been resolved at the First Step of the grievance
                           procedure, the Accredited Union Representative may refer the grievance
                           on the prescribed form to the appropriate EPSCA Representative or the
                           Employer. Such grievances shall be referred within ten (10) working days
                           after the disposition has been issued under the First Step of this procedure.
                           A copy of the grievance form shall be forwarded by the Accredited Union
                           Representative to the Business Manager of the appropriate Local Union.

                           The appropriate EPSCA Representative or the Employer shall investigate
                           the grievance and convene a meeting which they or the Business Manager
                           of the appropriate Local Union considers necessary to resolve it and give
                           their reply on the prescribed form to the Business Manager of the
                           appropriate Local Union within five (5) working days from the receipt of
                           the grievance form which was completed at First Step.

                           If a Second Step grievance meeting is considered appropriate, the
                           Management Committee shall comprise the appropriate EPSCA
                           Representative plus two other Management representatives, one of whom
                           shall be a representative of the Employer against whom the grievance has
                           been filed. The Union Committee shall comprise three persons, including
                           the Business Manager of the appropriate Local Union and the Accredited
                           Representative for the grievor, plus one other representative of the Union.

                      E.   EPSCA or Union Grievance

                           The processing of EPSCA, Employer grievances shall begin at the Second
                           Step. EPSCA may submit either policy or specific grievances. The Union
                           may also institute policy grievances at this Step. Such policy or specific
                           grievances shall be submitted within thirty (30) days of the alleged
                           grievous act.

                      F.   Time Limits

 `                         The time limits as to both documents and procedure set out in the above
                           Subsections shall be complied with by the parties to this Agreement
                           provided, however, that the parties may mutually agree in writing in
                           respect to an extension or waiver of any of the time limits imposed. Where
                           no answer is given within the time limits specified in the grievance
                           procedure, the employee concerned, the Union or EPSCA or the Employer
                           shall be entitled to submit the grievance to the next step of the grievance
                           procedure. Any grievance not processed within the time limits specified in
                           the grievance procedure shall be deemed to have been withdrawn and
                           ineligible for arbitration.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 32
                      G.   Alleged unjustified termination, discharge, suspension or disciplinary
                           action may be grieved beginning at First Step.

                      H.   Disputes about the interpretation or application of particular clauses of this
                           Agreement and about alleged violations of this Agreement shall not be
                           processed under Section 133 of the Labour Relations Act of Ontario by
                           either party until the provisions set forth in this section for the resolution of
                           such disputes have been fully exhausted.

                      I.   Grievance Facilities

                           EPSCA shall provide the necessary facilities for all grievance meetings.

 1401                 A.   If any dispute about the interpretation or application of particular clauses
 Arbitrations              of this Agreement or about an alleged violation of this Agreement cannot
                           be settled through the grievance procedure outlined in Subsection 1400, the
                           matter may be submitted within thirty (30) days of its failure of settlement
                           by grievance procedure by either EPSCA or the Union to a Board of
                           Arbitration for adjudication. The party desiring to submit the dispute to
                           arbitration shall notify the other party in writing of its desire and the notice
                           shall contain the name of the first party's nominee to an arbitration board.
                           The recipient of the notice shall, within five (5) working days, inform the
                           other party of the name of its nominee to the arbitration board. The two
                           nominees so selected shall, within ten (10) working days of the
                           appointment of the second of them, appoint a third person who shall be the
                           Chairperson. If the recipient of the notice fails to appoint a nominee, or if
                           the nominees fail to agree upon a Chairperson, the appointment shall be
                           made by the Minister of Labour for Ontario upon the request of either
                           party. The arbitration board, when selected or appointed, will proceed as
                           soon as practicable to hear and determine the dispute and it shall issue a
                           decision which is final and binding upon the parties and upon their
                           respective members. The decision of a majority is the decision of the
                           arbitration board, but if there is no majority, the decision of the
                           Chairperson governs.

                      B.   The arbitration board shall have no power to add to or subtract from or
                           modify any of the terms of this Agreement. The arbitration board shall not
                           substitute its discretion for that of the parties except where the board
                           determines that an employee has been discharged or otherwise disciplined
                           for cause when this Agreement does not contain a specific penalty for the
                           infraction that is the subject matter of the arbitration. In such cases, the
                           arbitration board may substitute such other penalty for the discharge or
                           discipline as to the arbitration board seems just and reasonable in all
                           circumstances. The arbitration board shall not exercise any responsibility
                           or function of the parties. The arbitration board shall not deal with any
                           matter not contained in the original statement of grievance filed by the
                           party referring the matter to arbitration.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 33
                      C.   In arbitration proceedings, each party shall pay the fees and expenses of its
                           nominee, whether appointed by the party or by the Minister of Labour for
                           Ontario, and the fees and expenses of the Chairperson shall be shared
                           equally by the parties.

                      D.   The time limits as to both documents and procedure set out in this
                           Subsection shall be observed by the parties to this Agreement provided,
                           however, that the parties may mutually agree in writing in respect to an
                           extension or waiver of any of the time limits imposed.

 1402                 There shall be no strikes or lockouts so long as this Agreement continues to
 No Strike-           operate.
 No Lockout

                                  SECTION 15       COMMITTEES

 1500                 A.   To advance harmonious relations between EPSCA, the Employers, the
 Executive                 Union, and the employees, EPSCA and the Union shall each appoint an
 Committee                 Executive Committee. The Executive Committee of EPSCA shall consist
                           of the Board of Directors and Officers of the Association. The Executive
                           Committee of the Union shall consist of the Executive Board of the
                           Construction Council of Ontario.

                           The Committees shall meet together at least annually to review matters
                           associated with the administration of this Collective Agreement with the
                           intent of achieving uniformity of application of this Agreement wherever
                           employees are working in the Province.

                           The Committees may also consider matters related to construction safety.

 1501                 A.   A Joint Apprenticeship Council (JAC) shall be established and shall meet
 Apprenticeship            on a regular basis. This Council shall consist of an equal number of
 Committees                members of the Union and representatives of the Employers. Where
                           applicable, a representative of the Apprenticeship Branch of the Ontario
                           Government may also be appointed as an advisor to the regular Council
                           members.

                      B.   The JAC shall be responsible for the establishment and maintenance of an
                           apprenticeship training program, as well as adopting operating rules and
                           conditions with respect thereto which are complementary to and in keeping
                           with the intent of the Apprenticeship and Tradespeople's Qualification Act
                           RSO 1970 as amended.

                      C.   All founding documents and/or agreements, and terms of reference
                           establishing and guiding the activities of the JAC shall be registered with
                           the Provincial Joint Council.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 34
                      D.   Apprentices shall be hired by the Employers, as and when required, from a
                           pool of qualified apprentices established by the JAC in accordance with
                           the procedures established under the JAC Terms of Reference.

                      E.   All apprentices shall be governed by the Ontario Apprenticeship and
                           Tradesperson's Qualification Act and Regulations but the ratio of
                           apprentices to journeypeople may be set from time to time by the
                           Executive Committee.

                      F.   In order to expedite the Apprentice's entrance into Journeyperson status,
                           the following policy shall apply:

                           (i)     The Apprentice must apply to the Apprenticeship Branch to write
                                   their examination as soon as possible after they have reached their
                                   total hours, less 300.

                           (ii)    The Apprentice will give the JAC two weeks' notice that they are
                                   going to write their examination.

                           (iii)   After writing the examination, the Apprentice will check their
                                   hours in their Progress Record Book, with the JAC.

                           (iv)    The Employer will commence paying the Journeyperson's rate of
                                   pay the day after the Apprentice completes their hours and
                                   providing the following conditions have been met:

                                   (a)    The Employer is satisfied that the Apprentice has
                                          completed their hours. If there is a question concerning the
                                          completion of hours, confirmation will be supplied by the
                                          JAC and/or the Union; and,

                                   (b)    The Employer is shown written proof of Certification from
                                          the Apprenticeship Branch, or has verbal confirmation from
                                          the JAC and/or the Union; and,

                                   (c)    The Apprentice has passed their examination for their
                                          Certification of Qualification (C of Q).

                      G.   In the event that an Apprentice fails their examination for their C of Q,
                           they will be paid the journeyperson rate of pay from the day they pass any
                           future examinations.

                      H.   Where the JAC is unable to reach an agreement on any matter concerning
                           apprenticeship, the issue shall be referred to the Executive Committee for
                           their decision.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 35
                            SECTION 16        LUNCHROOM FACILITIES

 1600                   The Employer will provide clean and adequately heated facilities for employees
 Lunchroom              to eat their lunch where such facilities may reasonably be provided. These
 Facilities             facilities are to include adequate space with tables and benches and are to be
                        separated from storage areas.


                      SECTION 17      INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT

 1700                   Where an Indigenous commitment has been established on a project, the Union
 Indigenous Content     will co-operate in meeting the content commitments.
 Commitment
                        The parties acknowledge the traditional lands and treaty territories of the
                        Indigenous communities of Ontario and are committed to a strong and respectful
                        relationship with participating Indigenous communities.

                        The parties agree to work together with the Indigenous communities proactively
                        towards removing barriers that hinder the appropriate participation of Indigenous
                        people in the Building Trade Union workforce.

                        The terms and conditions of this article may be modified by the mutual consent
                        of the Union and EPSCA when they deem it prudent.

                                 SECTION 18       EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION

 1800                   The parties are committed to achieving and maintaining a fair and representative
 Equity, Diversity,     work force through EDI strategies intended to reduce barriers to equity, diversity
 And Inclusion          and inclusivity in the EPSCA sector.

                                                  SECTION 19        DE NOVO

 1900                   The parties agree there is benefit to continue addressing the mental and physical
 De Novo                well being of our members. In support of the objectives of the De Novo
                        Treatment Centre (“De Novo”), it is agreed by the parties that both EPSCA and
                        the Union (with the exception of Locals 115 and 586) will each contribute five
                        cents ($0.05) for every person hour worked to De Novo for the term of this
                        agreement.

                        Locals 115 and 586 currently contribute five cents ($0.05) to their own Member
                        Assistance Plan (“MAP”) without further need to duplicate with a contribution
                        to De Novo.

                        In the event Locals 115 and/or 586 ceases to contribute to their own MAP,
                        Locals 115 and/or 586 will immediately contribute to De Novo in accordance
                        with the above.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 36
Dated this30day of May , 2025 at Toronto, Ontario

FOR EPSCA:                                           FOR IBEW




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                   Page 37
                                                   TOOL LIST


    All journeypeople electricians are required to have the following tools:
    1      Centre Punch
    1      ½” Cold Chisel
    1      Half-round File
    1      Ball Peen Hammer
    1      Adjustable Hacksaw Frame
    1      Knife
    1      Medium Level
    5      Prs of Pliers – 8” Sidecutters, Diagonal, Longnose and 2 pairs of Channelock
    6      Screwdrivers, Robertson and Standard Types
    1      6” Square or Combination Square
    1      6’ Folding Wood Rule
    1      Small Tap Wrench
    1      Tool Box
    1      Tool Pouch and Belt for Hand Tools
    Lineperson Tool List
    1     Tool Box and Lock
    1     Ball Peen Hammer
    1     Jackknife or Stripping Knife
    1     9” Pliers
    1     6’ Folding Wood Rule
    1     Screwdriver, flat blade, 8”
    1     8” Adjustable Crescent Wrench
    1     10” or 12” Adjustable Crescent Wrench
    1     Set Belt and Spurs
    1     Nut and Bolt Bag*
    1     Ratchet Handle with Sockets (sizes as required)*
    1     Spud Wrench*
    1     L Wrench*
    Groundperson 1st Year Tool List
    1    Ball Peen Hammer
    1    9” Lineperson’s Pliers
    Groundperson 2nd Year and Groundperson 3rd Year Tool List
    1    Ball Peen Hammer
    1    Jackknife or Stripping Knife
    1    9” Lineperson’s Pliers
    1    6’ Folding Wood Rule
    1    8” Screwdriver, flat blade
    1    8” Adjustable Crescent Wrench
    1    10” or 12” Adjustable Crescent Wrench




      Applies to Contractor Employees Only




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                             Page 38
                                  LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #1

                                                Between

                                     The Electrical Power Systems
                                       Construction Association

                                                (EPSCA)

                                                   and

                           The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                         (IBEW EPCO)

To satisfy the hiring concerns of Employers, and in particular the hiring requirements for electricians
doing station work, it is understood that experience and safety knowledge are necessary qualifications to
be considered when matching tradespeople with work requirements.

For example, substation work requires tradespeople who have substation experience whether acquired on
a Hydro One site or in an industrial plant.

 Dated this 11th day of June 1996.

 Original signed by:

 FOR EPSCA:                                                FOR IBEW EPCO:



                    Rick Currie                                            John Pender


                                                                           Jack Dowding




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 39
           LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #2: LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES

                                                  Between

                                      The Electrical Power Systems
                                        Construction Association

                                                 (EPSCA)

                                                    and

                            The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                          (IBEW EPCO)


Mr. Barry Roberts, Chairman
EPSCA Negotiating Committee

Dear Sir

The IBEW EPCO/EPSCA Negotiating Committees agree to the following:

Regarding:      LOCAL AREA HIRING HALL PRACTICES

It is agreed that Local area Hiring Hall practices shall be available to the Employers under this
Agreement.

Dated this 23rd day of April 1999.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 40
            LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #3: INSIDE/OUTSIDE JURISDICTION


                                             IBEW Position

The parties understand that for work on stations, the jurisdiction between the inside and outside
classifications shall be as defined in the IBEW constitution.

  Dated at Toronto, this 9th Day of September 1999

  Original signed by:



                   Larry Lineham                                            Neil Donnelly

                   Larry Lineham                                           Neil Donnelly
                 on behalf of IBEW                                      on behalf of EPSCA




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                       Page 41
      LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #4: OWNER CLIENT TRAINING REQUIREMENTS

                                                Between

                                    The Electrical Power Systems
                                      Construction Association

                                               (EPSCA)

                                                  and

                           The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                         (IBEW EPCO)

In order to address the issues of training and employment opportunities for IBEW members, the parties
agree that the following shall constitute the principles that will govern training for the term of the
collective agreement.

(1)   The EPSCA owners will continue to mandate the training requirements for workers on EPSCA
      owner sites.

(2)   Upon being hired, IBEW members from the Local Union having jurisdiction in that area in which
      the work is being performed will attend owner specific training on company time or be
      compensated at the straight hourly rate of pay by the Employer if trained on their own time.

 Dated this 17th day of August, 2004 at Toronto, Ontario

FOR EPSCA:                                              FOR IBEW

                 Ivars Starasts                                        Jack Dowding




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 42
              LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #5: EMPLOYMENT REFERRALS

                                                Between

                                    The Electrical Power Systems
                                      Construction Association

                                               (EPSCA)

                                                  and

                          The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                        (IBEW EPCO)


   It is agreed by the parties to this understanding, that if required by the Employer, a member being
   referred for employment under this agreement must submit to a reliability screening prior to being
   referred. Only members who successfully obtain reliability screening clearance will be referred for
   employment in roles that require such clearance. Once a member has been hired on, they will receive
   an allowance of fifty ($50.00) on their first week’s pay cheque, in consideration of their time spent
   filing out these clearance forms. For clarity, the allowance will only be paid to employees when they
   have been hired on and such forms have been required to be filled out.

   The union will be notified, as soon as possible, whether or not an individual has successfully obtained
   reliability screening clearance. This pre-clearance does not prohibit the union from filing a grievance
   against the Employer on behalf of any member who is refused employment due to their failure to
   obtain reliability screening clearance.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 43
     LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #6: TAXABLE ACCOMODATION BENEFIT (TAB)

                                                Between

                                    The Electrical Power Systems
                                      Construction Association

                                               (EPSCA)

                                                  and

                           The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                         (IBEW EPCO)


   For the duration of this Letter of Understanding, Section 1200 A. (v) will be suspended, and the terms
   outlined in this LOU will take precedence.

   For employees that do not qualify for Room and Board allowance under the collective agreement in
   Section 1201, and live greater than 110 road-driven kilometers from the project, they shall receive
   $100.00 per day worked or reported for. To qualify, an employee must maintain temporary
   accommodation at or near the project site and provide evidence of their financial commitment. The
   Employer retains the right to request receipts for the purpose of verifying ongoing eligibility. For
   clarity, this is a taxable allowance, and employees will not be entitled to receive both daily travel
   allowance and TAB.

   This LOU will come to an end with the collective agreement expiry. The parties shall convene after
   November 1, 2027, to assess this LOU. Subsequently, either party may exercise the option to provide
   written notice and opt out of this LOU if the intent is not met.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 44
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING #7: INDIGENOUS EMPLOYMENT PARTNERSHIP (HYDRO
                                  ONE)

                                               Between

                                    The Electrical Power Systems
                                      Construction Association

                                               (EPSCA)

                                                  and

                          The IBEW Electrical Power Council of Ontario
                                        (IBEW EPCO)


   Indigenous Employment Partnership

   The parties acknowledge the traditional lands and treaty territories of the Indigenous communities of
   Ontario and are committed to a strong, inclusive, meaningful and respectful relationship with
   participating Indigenous communities. The parties agree to work together with the Indigenous
   communities proactively towards removing barriers that hinder the appropriate participation of
   Indigenous people in the Building Trade Union workforce.

   The parties recognize that barriers exist that may prevent or minimize Indigenous participation in
   labour participation and contracting. As part of the parties commitment to advancing real action on
   reconciliation this agreement is aimed making progress on this work and actively working to address
   historic and current barriers.

   Article 1.0 Scope

   1.1 This Agreement shall apply only to work performed by the Building Trades Unions (BTU)
       notwithstanding the current EPSCA (and or Hydro One) Collective Agreements. This agreement
       shall apply to projects covered by Hydro One’s 50/50 equity partnership (e.g. large scale
       Transmission component projects over 100 million dollars) on existing Hydro One property.

   1.2 The parties agree that this Agreement can also apply to other EPC greenfield Transmission
       projects upon mutual agreement.

   1.3 Unless otherwise altered by this Agreement, all Articles in the existing EPSCA collective
       agreement continue to apply.

   Article 2.0 Term

   2.1 The provisions of this Agreement will continue for the term of the Collective Agreement and may
       be modified only on the mutual consent of the parties in writing.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                      Page 45
   Article 3.0 Employment – Hiring and Mobility

   3.1 When workers are required on a Project covered by the Agreement (“Project”), the Employer
       may use the following to fill the requirements:

       Recall

       Recall of Indigenous union members who have worked on any site covered by this Agreement in
       the previous fifteen (15) days from the date of termination with the same Employer and who have
       not been employed during that time period.

       An Employer loses the right to Recall Indigenous workers whenever the Employer hires from the
       out-of-work list.

       If the Employer chooses to bypass workers who are eligible for Recall, the Employer forfeits the
       right to recall those bypassed workers.

   3.2 Transfer Between Sites

       Transfer Indigenous workers who are already employed by the same Employer on a site covered
       under this Agreement to another site. Indigenous workers previously dispatched to a Project will
       not be laid off to accommodate such transfers.

       The Employer shall notify the Union prior to transfers being utilized.

   Article 4.0 Issues Committee

   4.1 Should a multi-union project committee be established on these Projects, the IBEW will be
       invited to participate on the committee. The committee will address any issues arising from the
       interpretation or operationalization of this Agreement.

   Article 5.0 Indigenous Commitments

   5.1 The Union will cooperate in meeting the Indigenous content commitments that have been
       established at the project sites in accordance with paragraphs a), b) and c) below.

       a) For established Indigenous Businesses (at least 51% Indigenous Ownership by Participating
          First Nations or Participating First Nations Members), the parties agree to accommodate
          name hires of up to 50%, provided the personnel join the respective trade union for the scopes
          of work they are executing, are qualified, and available to complete the scopes of work. In the
          event Indigenous ownership is less than 51%, the Employer will accept a Band Council
          Procedure Regulations or Letter of Direction from Chief and Council or Metis Council
          (leadership) confirming an Indigenous Business should ownership be less than 51%.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                    Page 46
       b) For Non-indigenous Businesses, the Union will cooperate in engaging Indigenous workers
          for Project work to meet Indigenous hiring commitments, provided the personnel join the
          respective trade union for the scopes of work they are executing, are qualified, and available
          to complete the scopes of work.

       c) With respect to the classifications of Electrician Journeyperson including Foreperson and
          Subforeperson, Electrician Apprentice, Lineperson Journeyperson including Foreperson and
          Subforeperson, Communications Electrician, and Lineperson Apprentice, a “qualified”
          worker refers to a worker who holds a Certificate of Qualification in the trade or one who is a
          registered apprentice in the trade. For clarity, all other IBEW classifications are eligible for
          name hire per Article 5.1 a) and b) provided they join IBEW, are qualified, and are available
          to complete the scopes of work.

   Article 6.0 Enablement

   6.1 The terms and conditions of this Agreement for Projects under this Agreement may be modified
       by the mutual consent of the Union and Hydro One when they deem it prudent. It is understood
       and agreed that where mutual agreement for such a change cannot be achieved, the request shall
       not be subject to either grievances or arbitration.

   Article 7.0 Apprenticeship

   7.1 The parties agree to work together in good faith to increase the number of Indigenous workers on
       the projects covered by this Agreement.

   This Agreement shall be added as an appendix to the current Collective Agreement.




EPSCA/IBEW CCO Collective Agreement - Transmission
May 1, 2025 to April 30, 2030                                                                     Page 47
