       Transmission Collective Agreement

Electrical Power Systems Construction Association

                    (EPSCA)



                ("the Employer")




                     - and -




 Labourers’ International Union of North America,


Ontario Provincial District Council (“LIUNA OPDC”)



                  ("the Union")



           May 1, 2025– April 30, 2030
                                        TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 1 - RECOGNITION .................................................................... 4
ARTICLE 2 - CONTRACTING AND SUBCONTRACTING .................... 7
ARTICLE 3 - ACCREDITED UNION REPRESENTATIVES ................... 7
ARTICLE 4 – UNION STEWARDS ............................................................ 8
ARTICLE 5 – ADVANCE NOTICE ............................................................ 9
ARTICLE 6 – WORK ASSIGNMENT ........................................................ 9
ARTICLE 7 - JURISDICTIONAL DISPUTES .......................................... 11
ARTICLE 8 – UNION SECURITY ............................................................ 12
ARTICLE 9 – EMPLOYMENT ................................................................. 14
ARTICLE 10 – KEY TRADESPEOPLE .................................................... 15
ARTICLE 11 - HIRING, RECALL, TRANSFER AND NAME HIRE ..... 16
ARTICLE 12 - PROJECT LAYOFF PROCEDURE ................................. 18
ARTICLE 13 – FOREPEOPLE .................................................................. 18
ARTICLE 14 - WAGES .............................................................................. 22
ARTICLE 15 – PAY PROCEDURE .......................................................... 23
ARTICLE 16 - CALL-IN PAY ................................................................... 25
ARTICLE 17 - REPORTING PAY ON 8 HOUR AND 10 HOUR SHIFTS
..................................................................................................................... 25
ARTICLE 18 - INCLEMENT WEATHER PAY ....................................... 25
ARTICLE 19 - DAILY TRAVEL ALLOWANCE / ROOM AND BOARD
DAILY TRAVEL ALLOWANCE ............................................................. 26
ARTICLE 20 - DAILY TRAVEL TIME .................................................... 30
ARTICLE 21 - TRAVEL AND TRANSPORTATION ............................. 31
ARTICLE 22 - STANDOFF ....................................................................... 32
ARTICLE 23 - REST PERIOD ................................................................... 33
ARTICLE 24 - LUNCHROOM FACILITIES ............................................ 34
ARTICLE 25 - MEALS ON OVERTIME .................................................. 34
ARTICLE 26 - TOOLS AND CLOTHING ................................................ 35
ARTICLE 27 - PROTECTIVE CLOTHING AND EQUIPMENT ............ 37
ARTICLE 28 - HOURS OF WORK ........................................................... 37
ARTICLE 29 - SHIFT DIFFERENTIAL RATE ........................................ 41
ARTICLE 30 OVERTIME RATES ............................................................ 42
ARTICLE 31 VACATION AND STATUTORY HOLIDAYS ................. 43
ARTICLE 32 GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE .............................................. 44
ARTICLE 33 - ARBITRATION ................................................................. 45
ARTICLE 34 - NO STRIKE – NO LOCKOUT ......................................... 46
ARTICLE 35 - BENEFITS ......................................................................... 47
ARTICLE 36 – INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT .................. 48
ARTICLE 37 - PREMIUMS ....................................................................... 48
ARTICLE 38 - ASSOCIATION FUND ..................................................... 48


                                                                                                                      2
ARTICLE 39 - ENABLING CLAUSE-COMPETITIVE TRANSMISSION
RE-OPENER ............................................................................................... 49
ARTICLE 40 – LABOUR RELATIONS COMMITTEE ........................... 49
ARTICLE 41- CONSTRUCTION CRAFT WORKER .............................. 49
ARTICLE 42 – EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION ..................... 49
ARTICLE 43 - TERM OF AGREEMENT ................................................. 49
APPENDIX “A” MOOSE RIVER BASIN: NORTHERN ONTARIO ...... 51
APPENDIX “B” 7-DAY COVERAGE (LINES AND STATIONS) ......... 53
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 1 EMPLOYMENT REFERRALS
..................................................................................................................... 55
STATEMENT OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 2 MOOSE RIVER BASIN 56
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 3 PROTECTIVE CLOTHING ... 58
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 4 TRAINING .............................. 59
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 5 IMPLEMENTATION OF
WAGE SCHEDULE AND AGREEMENT ................................................ 60
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 6 ELECTRONIC ONBOARDING
– HYDRO ONE DIRECT HIRES ONLY .................................................. 61
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 7 TAXABLE
ACCOMMODATION BENEFIT (TAB) ................................................... 62
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 8 SPECIAL CONDITIONS FOR
NORTH OF THE FRENCH RIVER........................................................... 63
LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 9 INDIGENOUS EMPLOYMENT
PARTNERSHIP (HYDRO ONE) ............................................................... 64




                                                                                                                      3
                       ARTICLE 1 - RECOGNITION
1.01   EPSCA, as the accredited bargaining agent, recognizes the Union
       as the exclusive bargaining agency for a bargaining unit comprising
       all employees and forepeople of all Employers bound by the
       accreditation engaged in all construction industry work* performed
       in the electrical powers systems sector in the Province of Ontario
       on Ontario Power Generation Inc. (OPGI), Hydro One, Bruce
       Power LP and Portlands Energy Centre property for the bulk power
       system, save and except the building of commercial-type office
       facilities at urban locations remote from operating facilities.

       * The work encompasses:

             •   construction of new facilities
             •   additions to existing facilities
             •   major - modifications
                        - rehabilitation
                        - reconstruction of existing facilities

       For the purposes of clarity, the bulk power system comprises
       generating stations, hydraulic works, heavy water facilities,
       transmission lines (voltages over 50kV), transmission stations,
       microwave and repeater stations.

       The work described above shall include work on property acquired
       by Ontario Power Generation (OPGI), Hydro One and Bruce Power
       LP for:

       (a)       the supply of aggregate and concrete used in the
                 construction of said facilities; and

       (b)       ancillary material yards which are defined as property
                 acquired by Ontario Power Generation (OPGI), Hydro One
                 and Bruce Power LP for the storage of materials to be used
                 on a project by Employees.

       The term “employee” shall include all employees of the Employer in
       the classifications set out below:

       Group II         Watchperson
                        Labourer
                        Heaterperson
                        Power Sweeper Operator

                                                                              4
           Siamese Blowgun Operator
           Carpenter Helper
           Flagperson
           Signalperson
           Spotter
           Janitorial Cleaner (Construction Site)
           Area Captain (BHWP)

Group VI   Formworker (Lakeview and Pickering Projects only)
           Conveyor Belt Attendant
           Scaler
           Wrecker – Demolition of Complete Buildings
           Yardperson– Used Building Materials
           Form Stripper
           Powderperson Helper
           Air Trac Driller Helper
           Bricklayer Helper / Mason Tender
           Stressing Operating Helper – Post-Tensioning and Prestressing
           Caulker including Tile and Concrete Pipe
           Grouter Operator (not machine)
           Portable Compressor Operator
           Small Pump Operator
           Pipe Layer
           Small Mixer Operator
           Concrete Worker
           Floatperson
           Puddler
           Screedperson
           Mortarperson
           Air Tool Operator
           Concrete Core Drill Machine Operator
           Jackhammer Operator
           Tamper Operator
           Chainsaw Operator
           Vibrator Operator
           Electrical Tool Operator
           Pressurized Grouterperson
           Bomag Operator
           Scootcrete Operator
           Chipping Hammer Operator
           Concrete Breaker
           Jackleg Operator
           Rocksplitter Operator
           Farm Tracker Operator
           Tool Crib Attendant
           Building Labourer (Lines and Stations only)
           Stump Cutter Operator
           Stress Operator Post-Tensioning and Prestressing
           Welder – Post-tensioning and Prestressing
           Animal Abatement
           Gradesperson

                                                                           5
                            Forklift

           Group IX         Powderperson
                            Air Trac/Hydraulic Drills and Self-Propelled Hydraulic Drills
                            Diamond Driller
                            Injection drillers*
                            Blasters*
                            Cement Finisher


           * the addition of these classifications does not confer nor establish craft
           designation

           If classifications are required, they will be negotiated, as appropriate,
           for work in the electrical power sector.

           The term “foreperson” shall include all forepeople between the ranks
           of, but not including, working foreperson and general foreperson,
           save and except those described hereunder.

           The “classifications” referred to above do not establish craft
           jurisdiction. Such jurisdiction is established in accordance with
           Articles 6 and 7 of this Collective Agreement.

1.02 When the crew1 size is five (5) or less, including the foreperson, the
     foreperson may be required to work with the tools of the trade. The
     foreperson, if already eligible to act as a working foreperson during
     the normal scheduled hours of work, will not act as a working
     foreperson on overtime.

           The "Wages", "Shift Differential Rate", "Benefits", "Overtime Rates"
           and "Hours of Work" Articles of this Agreement do not apply for
           work such as driveway and parking lot construction, railroad
           construction, landscaping, precast concrete erection, fencing or
           demolition. When such work is undertaken, the classifications,
           wages, weekly hours of work, shift differential rate and overtime
           rates appropriate for the class and character of work shall be as
           established by the nearest influencing representative agreements
           between locals of the Union and builders' exchanges, contractors'
           associations or contractors for the class and character of work.

           For tunneling work the wages, classifications, shift differential rates,
           compressed air premiums, hours of work and other individual
           employee working conditions shall be as set forth in the Tunnel



1
    A crew is defined as the foreperson and the total number of tradespersons directly supervised

                                                                                               6
      Schedule of the Collective Agreement between the Heavy
      Construction Association of Toronto and the Labourers Union.

   ARTICLE 2 - CONTRACTING AND SUBCONTRACTING
2.01 Hydro One will maintain its current “labour requirements” practice for
     the term of this agreement. For clarity purposes, the labour
     requirements documentation will be modified where necessary to
     reflect the new collective agreement between EPSCA and LIUNA
     OPDC in place of Hydro One /LIUNA collective agreement. For
     further clarity the labour requirements documentation will require
     contractors/sub-contractors to apply the terms and conditions of this
     collective agreement if and when the work being performed falls
     under this agreement. LIUNA OPDC agrees that contractors who
     are signatory to other LIUNA collective agreements will apply the
     terms and conditions of the EPSCA/ LIUNA OPDC collective
     agreement when performing work on Hydro One property or
     performing work on Hydro One assets which are located on Bruce
     Power or OPG property. The parties acknowledge that this collective
     agreement does not change nor alter the existing practices with
     respect to contracting out to non-union contractors.

  ARTICLE 3 - ACCREDITED UNION REPRESENTATIVES
3.01. The senior representative of the Union will designate local
      Union representatives as Accredited Union Representatives to
      handle the day-to-day administration of this Agreement on the
      basis of not more than two representatives from the Union for
      each Major Project and a suitable number for the Construction
      and Services Division. The Union will notify EPSCA in writing, of
      the names of such Union representatives or alternates in the
      event of illness or unavailability, so that they may be issued
      identification cards to permit entry to the site. Such
      representatives, after identifying themselves to the Employer
      representative upon entering the job site, will be free to observe
      the progress and conduct of the work and to conduct
      normal Union business, The Union undertakes that these
      representatives will not hinder or interfere in any way with the
      said work.

3.02. An Accredited Union Representative may be appointed by
      LIUNA OPDC to be their designate in matters requiring the
      involvement of LIUNA OPDC. The LIUNA OPDC Representative
      will inform the Employer representative, in writing, of the name,
      duration of, appointment and function of such designate.




                                                                         7
                ARTICLE 4 – UNION STEWARDS
4.01 The Accredited Union Representatives shall inform the appropriate
     Employer Representative of the steward, in writing, of the names of
     all stewards, one of whom shall be designated Chief Steward, as
     they are appointed and when they cease to act as stewards, except
     as noted below. Such Stewards/Chief Stewards shall be allowed
     sufficient time to ensure that the provisions of the collective
     agreements are observed. A steward, other than a Chief Steward,
     shall exercise their duties only in respect to employees of their
     Employer. A Chief Steward, in order to carry out their duties in
     respect to employees of other than their Employer, shall first involve
     the appropriate Employer Labour Relations Representative. A
     steward shall obtain permission from their immediate supervisor
     before leaving their work area for Union business. Such permission
     shall not be unreasonably denied.

4.02 The Union shall receive written notice before the employment of a
     steward is terminated by their Employer, and provided the steward
     is able to perform the work required, they will be the last
     employee to be retained by their Employer in a layoff/standoff
     situation.

4.03 The chief steward will be informed of all scheduled overtime. Where
     practical, provided he/she is qualified to perform the work, a
     Steward who is working at a location where overtime is being
     worked shall be given the first opportunity to work on that overtime
     work.

      Where practical, provided he/she is qualified to perform the work, a
      Chief steward with responsibility for a work site(s) where scheduled
      overtime is being worked on a non-scheduled day (Saturday,
      Sunday, Recognized Holiday or Friday if working 4x10) shall be
      given the first opportunity to work on that overtime. If the Chief
      Steward is unable to perform the overtime, he/she may designate
      one (1) steward to work the entire overtime opportunity.

4.04 No foreperson or subforeperson shall be permitted to act as a
     steward.

4.05 No steward shall be discriminated against for the performance
     of their duties as a steward. Where practical and where
     requested by an employee, a Union Steward and/or Union
     Representative will be present at a meeting where there will be
     discipline or discharge meted out to an employee. There may
     be instances where this is not practicable or where a Union
     Steward and/or Union Representative is not available.

                                                                         8
4.06 Certified Health and Safety Representative

           Any worker acting as the designated Certified Health and Safety
           Representative or certified alternate as defined by the occupational
           health and safety act shall be treated the same as chief stewards
           for purposes of layoff. Providing he/she is qualified to perform the
           remaining work the designated certified health and safety
           representative or certified alternate shall be the last to be laid off
           prior to the chief steward. This article only applies to the Hydro
           One direct hire workforce and there will only be one (1) Certified
           Health and Safety Representative per zone (i.e. 4 for Hydro One in
           total).

                         ARTICLE 5 – ADVANCE NOTICE
5.01 The Employer will advise the Union of all new construction
     Projects coming under the provisions of this Agreement for the
     construction field forces of the Employer.

           Upon the request of the Union, the Employer will convene a pre- job
           conference before work commences to discuss preliminary details
           of the proposed work to be performed and to establish conditions in
           accordance with this Agreement for the project. The Employer will
           record the minutes of prejob conferences and forward them within
           fifteen (15) working days to the Union.

5.02 Subsequent prejob conferences will be convened by the Employer
     before specific portions of work commence to discuss the final
     details of the work and to establish conditions in accordance with
     this agreement for that work.

5.03 The Employer will provide written notice to the Union as far in
     advance as possible of new work and pre job conferences as
     noted in Sections 5.01 and 5.02 above. For work of less than
     one week's duration and requiring five (5) or less employees, pre
     job meetings must be arranged with as much advance notice as
     possible by the Employer but without formal notice, in writing,
     unless the pre job meeting has been waived by the parties.

                       ARTICLE 6 – WORK ASSIGNMENT
6.01 (a)             A markup process will be utilized when an Employer intends
                     to perform work on a project site2'. The purpose of this
                     markup process is to indicate to the Union the work which is
                     planned to be carried out by the Employer in order to
                     minimize the potential for jurisdictional disputes.


2
    For the purposes of this Article, Lines and Stations is considered one project site

                                                                                          9
(b)   When work is to be performed on a project site and it meets
      the following criteria: same Employer, same work, same
      project site, the markup process will not be required. This
      procedure shall not preclude a Union's right to contest
      previously disputed work.

      However, if a specific scope of work is being assigned
      contrary to past practice, the Union may request and the
      Employer shall hold a mark-up meeting to correct or confirm
      the assignment. A maximum of one mark-up meeting can
      be requested by the Union each calendar year for the same
      scope of work.

(c)   When an Employer has work that is less than 3 weeks
      duration and there are ten (l0) or fewer employees covered
      by this Collective Agreement and/ or applicable BTU
      agreement employed on this specific work, the Union will be
      notified of the scope of work and the Employer's proposed
      work assignments. The Union will have two (2) weeks from
      the date of notification to submit jurisdictional claims and
      supporting evidence to the Employer for consideration.
      The Employer will notify the Union of the final work
      assignments prior to the commencement of the work.

(d)   All work that does not meet the criteria set out in clauses
      6.01 (b) or 6.01(c) will be reviewed and assigned at a
      markup meeting.

(e)   The Employer will provide written notice to the Union as far
      in advance as possible of markup meetings. The Union may
      attend these markup meetings, and every effort will be made
      to settle questions of jurisdiction before the work is expected
      to commence.

(f)   The Employer who has the responsibility for the work shall
      make a proposed assignment of the work involved. The
      Employer shall be responsible for providing copies of
      proposed assignments to the Union in attendance at the
      markup meeting. The Employer will specify a reasonable
      time limit for the Union involved submitting evidence of their
      claims. The Employer will evaluate all evidence submitted
      and make a final assignment of the work involved. The
      Employer will advise the Union of the final assignments prior
      to the work commencing.




                                                                    10
       (g)    EPSCA and/or the Employer will record the proposed
              assignments and jurisdictional claims and forward a copy of
              them within fifteen (15) working days to the Union.

       (h)    The parties recognize that circumstances may arise,
              particularly with discovery and emergency work, where the
              process set out above may not be practical or possible,
              however reasonable effort will be made by the Employer to
              adhere to the appropriate trade jurisdiction.

6.02 When a jurisdictional dispute exists in the electrical power system
     sector between Unions and upon written request by the International
     Representative of the Union, the Employer shall supply the
     International Representative of the Union involved with a copy of the
     evidence submitted by the other Union(s) involved along with
     drawings and/or prints plus a description of the work or process in
     dispute.

             ARTICLE 7 - JURISDICTIONAL DISPUTES
7.01 In the event there is a jurisdictional dispute which cannot be settled
     on a local basis by the Unions involved, it shall be submitted to the
     Ontario Labour Relations Board without permitting it to interfere in
     any way with the progress of the work at any time.

7.02 In the event the Union elects to pursue or respond to the
     Jurisdictional Dispute at the Ontario Labour Relations Board as
     governed by 7.01 above, the arbitration board panel appointed by
     the Ontario Labour Relations Board pursuant to the Act is not
     authorized to award damages in respect of a mis-assignment of
     work only in the circumstances where the other Unions involved in
     the proceedings is (are) equally restricted in their ability to claim for
     damages. However this clause 7.02 shall not apply where the
     Jurisdictional Dispute and the mis-assignment of work involves the
     same Employer and the same work, and on the same job
     previously the subject of a Jurisdictional Dispute before the Ontario
     Labour Relations Board.

7.03 The board panel appointed by the Ontario Labour Relations Board
     will govern its decision pursuant to its normal criteria.

7.04 In the event the Union elects to pursue or respond to the
     Jurisdictional Dispute at the Ontario Labour Relations Board as
     governed by 7.01 above, the decision of the panel of the Ontario
     Labour Relations Board will be final and binding upon the parties to
     this agreement with no further recourse to the Plan on the issue
     decided by the Ontario Labour Relations Board.


                                                                            11
             ARTICLE 8 – UNION SECURITY
8.01 UNION MEMBERSHIP

    (a)   Employees: As a condition of employment, all employees
          covered by this Agreement shall either be members of, or
          will apply for membership in, the Union within seven (7)
          days of employment. It shall also be a condition of
          continued employment that employees maintain their
          Union membership in good standing.

    (b)   Forepeople: As a condition of employment, all forepeople
          covered by this Agreement shall either be members of, or
          will apply for membership in, the Union within seven (7)
          days of employment. It shall also be a condition of
          continued employment that forepeople maintain their
          Union membership in good standing.

8.02 UNION DUES AND CHECKOFF

    (a)   The Employer agrees to deduct from each employee
          covered by the terms of this agreement working dues at the
          rate provided for in the applicable Local Union Schedule
          which shall be remitted to the Secretary-Treasurer of the
          applicable Local Union by the fifteenth (15th) day of the
          month following the month in which such deduction was
          made.

    (b)   Ontario Provincial District Council working dues consisting of
          forty cents ($0.40) per hour shall be deducted and remitted
          by the Employer directly to the LiUNA Pension Fund of
          Central and Eastern Canada, along with the pension
          contributions.

    (c)   The amounts of the Ontario Provincial District Council
          working dues deductions, as well as the recipient of said
          deductions, may only be altered by the Secretary-
          Treasurer of the Ontario Provincial District Council in
          accordance with Article 8.02 (f) below.

    (d)   The Employer shall, when remitting such dues, submit a list
          of names and social insurance numbers (where permissible
          under applicable legislation) for and on whose behalf such



                                                                     12
             deductions were made, on one (1) Standard Benefits Form
             showing all applicable deductions and/or contributions.

      (e)    The aforesaid remittances shall be made directly by the
             Employer as aforesaid notwithstanding anything contained
             in any other article, Appendix or Schedule to this
             Agreement.

      (f)    Wage Schedule, dues and remittance changes are to be
             provided in writing to EPSCA and changes shall only take
             place during the month of March of each calendar year.
             The effective date of such changed wage schedules, dues
             and remittances shall be within 30 days of receipt of such
             notice.

             The above-noted time frame shall not apply proceeding
             contract ratification for a period of forty-five days.

             Upon mutual agreement of EPSCA and the Union, in
             exceptional circumstances, EPSCA and/or the Union may
             require changes to the wage schedules outside of the
             window outlined above. Such agreement shall not be
             unreasonably denied.

8.03 The Union may designate dues from any of the following options:

      (a)    a fixed dollar amount per month;

      (b)    a fixed percentage of vacationable gross earnings per
             month;

      (c)    a fixed cents per hour worked or paid;

      (d)    a fixed cents per hour worked or paid plus a fixed dollar
             amount per week or month;

      (e)    a fixed dollar amount per month plus a percentage of
             vacationable gross earnings.

      Regardless of the option selected, the Employer will only remit
      monies to a single location. Any redistribution is the responsibility of
      the Union. By mutual agreement with the Union, an Employer
      may elect to continue current administrative practices relative to
      the deduction of Union dues.




                                                                           13
                   ARTICLE 9 – EMPLOYMENT
9.01 (a)     For purposes of this Article, a geographic area will be
             established for each Major Project and geographic areas for
             Construction and Services Division. The size of these
             geographic areas will be dependent upon the location of the
             work and the trade concerned.

      (b)    The boundaries of the geographic areas will be jointly
             established at pre-job conferences.

9.02 An office will be established by the Employer, with the approval of
     EPSCA, for each Major Project. A purpose of this office will be to
     co-ordinate employment as specified in this Article

9.03 The Employer, with the approval of EPSCA, and the Union will
     exchange the names of their representatives in each of the areas
     described in 9.01 (a), who will be responsible for co-operating in
     the referral and employment of reliable and competent Union
     members.

9.04 The Employer, with the approval of EPSCA, will notify the
     appropriate Unions of future workforce requirements for all
     employees coming within the scope of this Agreement.

9.05 Where key tradespeople are required, Employers reserve the right
     to employ and transfer key tradespeople to effectively utilize their
     special skills, having regard for the special requirements of thermal,
     nuclear or hydraulic generation projects and transmission and
     transformation construction. The employment of key tradespeople
     and tradespeople employed through the Employment Request
     Article will be negotiated between the Employer and the Union.

9.06 The employment of additional tradespeople, excluding key trades
     and tradespeople employed through the Employment Request
     Article, shall be carried out on the following basis and sequence:

      (a)    The Employer, with the approval of EPSCA, will request the
             local Union office for tradespeople as required. The request
             will include a description of the work, the number of qualified
             tradespeople required, and the name of the Employer for
             whom the tradesmen will be working.

      (b)    The Union members who are resident in the designated
             geographic area will be referred by the Union for
             employment. As much as their out-of-work lists will
             permit, the Union will supply members on a fan-out basis
             from the project or work location. The Employers will either

                                                                          14
             hire such persons or substantiate their reasons, in
             writing, for not doing so. The Union will co-operate with
             the Employer and advise the Employer of the name,
             address and telephone number of members being
             referred for work with Lines and Stations construction as
             soon as they are known.

      (c)    If, after a request has been made, the Union is unable to
             supply sufficient tradespeople to meet the workforce
             requirements of the Employers, the Employers may employ
             tradespeople who are resident within the geographic area.
             Such tradespeople shall comply with the requirements of
             Article 8 of this Agreement. The Employer shall promptly
             notify the Accredited Union Representative, in writing, of the
             names, addresses, date of hire, social insurance numbers,
             telephone numbers, job location and classification of the
             persons hired.

      (d)    Once the supply of suitable tradespeople within the
             geographic area has been exhausted and additional
             tradespeople are required, the Employer with the approval of
             EPSCA will contact the LIUNA OPDC Representative, or
             their designee, in order to determine whether suitable Union
             tradespeople are available outside of the geographic area.
             The Employer will co-operate in providing employment to
             such Union tradespeople on the basis that they be supplied
             from the nearest location where they are available.

9.07 Notwithstanding the provisions of Articles 9.05 and 9.06, re-
     employment as required by the Workplace Safety and
     Insurance Board shall not be a violation of this collective
     agreement nor be subject to the provisions of Articles 32 and
     33.

              ARTICLE 10 – KEY TRADESPEOPLE
Employers reserve the right to transfer tradespeople from one location to
another to effectively utilize their special skills, having regard for the
special requirements of thermal, nuclear or hydraulic generation projects
and transmission and transformation construction.

10.01 The number of key tradespeople to be transferred will be jointly
      determined at a pre job conference as provided for in Article 5 -
      Advance Notice.

10.02 All key tradespeople, requested by the Employer and agreed to by
      the Union, must obtain clearance from the Local Union before
      commencing work.

                                                                          15
  ARTICLE 11 - HIRING, RECALL, TRANSFER AND NAME
                         HIRE

Hiring and Recall

11.01 The Employer agrees to contact the Local Union having jurisdiction
      over the work for its needed supply of people for the following day.
      All employees hired through the Union shall present to the
      Employer a referral slip from the Union prior to commencing
      employment, unless such referral has been transmitted
      electronically by the Union to the Employer. It is understood that if
      the Local Union is unable to provide the required people within 24
      hours, the Employer is free to hire such labour as is available, but
      such labour shall acquire a referral slip prior to commencing work
      on the second day after hiring and as a condition of employment,
      either be in good standing or apply for membership in the Union
      within 7 days.

11.02. (a)    Except as set out in (b), the Employer may recall former
              employees who had previously been on the payroll of the
              Employer. A member at date of recall, must be in good
              standing in the Union and be registered as unemployed with
              the Local Union having jurisdiction where the work is to be
              performed. To qualify for recall a former employee must be
              requested within 12 calendar months of termination. The
              former employee must have been on the payroll of the
              Employer for at least (20) twenty calendar days in order to be
              eligible for recall.

        (b)   In Local 183 employees will be recalled in accordance with the
              Local’s dispatch rules.

11.03    The Employer may request and the Local Union may agree to
         clear additional tradespeople.

Transfer

11.04    The parties agree the Employer is allowed to transfer
         employees within the geographic area of the Local Union for
         projects covered by this collective agreement

11.05    The Employer shall have the right to transfer employees to
         projects within a zone provided that employees from Local Unions
         other than the Local Union having jurisdiction over the work shall


                                                                          16
         not comprise more than 33% of the employees at a project. The
         33% figure includes sub-forepeople, FITS and key tradespeople.

11.06    On line projects that span the geographic jurisdiction of more than
         one Local Union, the Employer may keep the crew intact and
         move the entire crew across Local Union jurisdictions. The
         parties (which may include the Local Union representatives) will
         meet prior to the commencement of the project and establish a
         ratio of members of each local to staff the project for its duration.
         Best efforts will be made such that the crew make-up reflects the
         amount of work (percentage) in each local Union territory.

11.07    For line projects as outlined in 11.06 above, the wage package for
         LIUNA members on the project will be a weighted –average based
         on the percentages established in 11.06.

Name Hire

11.08 (a)     This does not apply to Hydro One Direct Hires: The Employer
              may name hire up to twenty-five percent (25%) of the total
              crew within each project.

        (b)   For Local 607 – Thunder Bay Only: The Employer may name
              hire up to fifty percent (50%) of the total crew within each
              project, provided that:

               i)    The person is a member in good standing of Local 607.
                     The member is registered on a Local 607 work referral
                     list and is currently unemployed as a result of a layoff or
                     if for any other reason has been registered for two (2)
                     weeks or more.

               ii)   The Employer notified the Union Hall directly with the
                     request to name hire any individual member and at the
                     same time provide the request for hall referrals to
                     comply with the above requirements. The Employer
                     may hire the odd-number only with the consent of the
                     Union. Such consent will not be unreasonably denied.




                                                                             17
       ARTICLE 12 - PROJECT LAYOFF PROCEDURE

12.01 During staff reductions the Employer shall lay off the last
      employee hired, provided the remaining employees are able to
      perform the work currently underway as follows:

      (a) In all layoff situations (other than those impacting a crew as
          outlined in 11.06) transferees will be laid off (or transferred
          back) prior to members of the Local Union having jurisdiction
          where the work is being performed.

      (b) For crews constituted under Article 11.06, the ratios established
          under 11.06 shall be maintained as closely as possible.

12.02 Subject to Article 13.09 the Employer shall have the right to move
      forepeople from construction site to construction site.

      When a requirement for forepeople no longer exists, the treatment
      of forepeople shall be as follows:

      (a)    Forepeople who are transferred into, or hired as a Foreperson
             at, an EPSCA construction site as a foreperson shall be laid
             off as a foreperson or transferred out to another EPSCA
             construction site as a foreperson.

      (b)    An employee who has been promoted to the foreperson level
             by the Employer during the course of their employment on an
             EPSCA construction site, shall not be subject to (a) above and
             will be reduced to a working position at such site. For layoff
             purposes, the employee will then be subject to Article 12.01.

                   ARTICLE 13 – FOREPEOPLE
13.01 It is understood that forepeople hold a key position in the
      relationship between the Employer and the Union. Both parties
      agree that every effort should be made to recruit and retain
      forepeople who have a high degree of efficiency in the performance
      of their jobs and in the handling of their people. Recognizing the
      responsibilities involved in being a supervisor and a member of a
      Union, the Employer and the Union will make every effort to
      minimize problems that may arise which concern the relationship
      between the forepeople, the Employer and the Union.

13.02 Forepeople are the first level of management supervision and, as
      such, are management representatives. In this capacity, they will
      exercise duties and responsibilities, as established by their
      Employer, and will not work with the tools of the trade, except as

                                                                            18
        specified elsewhere in this agreement. The parties recognize the
        responsibility of forepeople to discharge their managerial duties. If
        the Union feels that a foreperson is not discharging their
        managerial duties in a manner that is fair, equitable and without
        bias, or if an Employer feels that the Union is interfering with a
        foreperson in the performance of their managerial duties, the
        Employer or the Union may refer the problem for resolution. If the
        matter cannot be resolved, the grievance procedure may be
        invoked by either party.

13.03 The selection and retention of forepeople will be the responsibility
      of the Employer. When making appointments to the foreperson
      level, the Employer will give consideration to those journeypeople
      they presently employ. The appointment of forepeople in charge
      of composite or mixed crews will take into account the nature of the
      work to be done.

13.04 In accordance with Article 8 Union Security and Article 13.03
      above, the appropriate Union affiliation for forepeople shall be
      determined, as follows:

            (a)       Prior to appointment:

                      i.     Forepeople appointed by internal promotion
                             shall retain the Union membership held

            (b)       Foreperson recruited externally shall

                      i.     If a Union member, continue that Union
                             membership; or

                      ii.    If not a Union member, join the Union in keeping
                             with the nature of the work to be done

13.05    When the normal weekly hours of work are amended by the
         "exceptions" recognized under this Agreement, the weekly hours
         of work for forepeople shall be the same as for the tradespeople
         represented by the Union with which the foreperson is affiliated.

13.06    Forepeople required to work shift work other than the regular day
         shift shall receive the same shift differential rate as the
         tradespeople represented by the Union.

13.07    Overtime rates for Forepeople for work performed outside normal
         hours as defined in Article 28 - Hours of Work and outside hours
         of work amended by the "exceptions" recognized under this


                                                                            19
        Agreement, shall be the same as for tradespeople represented
        by the Union.

13.08   The Employer agrees to pay into operative welfare, pension, and
        supplementary unemployment benefit plans on behalf of
        forepeople. Payments will be made on the same basis and in the
        same amounts as are paid on behalf of tradespeople represented
        by the Union.

13.09   To maintain efficiency and productivity, an Employer shall have
        the right to move forepeople from construction site to construction
        site, as determined at the pre job conference.

13.10   The Employer agrees to pay into operative apprenticeship and
        training funds on behalf of forepeople. Payments will be made on
        the same basis and in the same amounts as are paid on behalf of
        tradesperson represented by the Union.

13.11   On a charge-out basis, the Employer shall supply forepeople with
        protective clothing appropriate for the conditions under which the
        work is being done.

13.12   Forepeople shall be accountable, but not liable, for gang tools
        used by their crew.

13.13   FOREPERSON RATES

        Hourly wage rate shall be:

        Sub-Foreperson –7.5% of the then applicable LIUNA Trade Group
        II hourly wage rate

        FIT –10% of the then current LIUNA Labourer Trade Group II
        hourly wage rate

        Foreperson – 15% of the then current LIUNA Labourer Trade
        Group II hourly wage rate

        Composite Crew Foreperson (if introduced by the Employer) –
        16% plus $3.00 per hour to the base rate of pay of the then
        current LIUNA Labourer Trade Group IX hourly wage rate

        Senior Foreperson – (if introduced by Employer) – 18% of the
        then current LIUNA Labourer Trade Group IX hourly wage rate

        Composite Crew Senior Foreperson – (if introduced by Employer)
        18% plus $3.00 per hour to the base hourly rate of pay of the then
        current LIUNA Labourer Trade Group IX hourly wage rate.

                                                                          20
        No existing foreperson shall suffer any reduction in their current
        hourly wage rate as a result of this agreement. Further, existing
        forepeople shall maintain their current hourly wage rate in the
        event such rate is higher than as set out in this provision, until
        such time as the hourly wage rate for forepeople surpasses their
        current hourly wage rate at which time they shall be paid the
        higher hourly wage rate or until they are no longer foreperson or
        are subject to a bona fide layoff.

        Wage schedules to be updated accordingly

13.14   FOREPEOPLE IN TRAINING

        The parties agree to establish the Foreperson in Training (FIT)
        classification. It is understood that FITs hold responsible positions
        in the relationship between the Employer and the Union.
        Recognizing the responsibilities involved in being a supervisor and
        a member of the Union, the Employer and the Union will make
        every effort to minimize problems that may arise which concern
        the relationship between the FIT, the Employer and the Union.

        The parties recognize the responsibilities of FITs to discharge
        their managerial duties. If the Union feels that the FIT is not
        discharging their managerial duties in a manner that is fair and
        equitable or if the Employer feels that the Union is interfering with
        the FIT in the performance of their managerial duties, the
        Employer and the accredited Union Representative shall discuss
        for resolution. If the matter cannot be resolved, the grievance
        procedure may be invoked by either party.

        The selection of FITs will be the responsibility of the Employer.
        Nothing regarding the selection of FITs is subject to the grievance
        procedure. For clarity, the specific criteria utilized, or the selection
        of FITs will not be subject to the grievance procedure. When
        making appointments, the Employer will make such appointments
        from those employees currently employed.

        The retention of FITs will be the exclusive right of the Employer,
        subject only to Article 12. For the purpose of Article 12, FITs (with
        less than 30 days in the classification) are deemed to be in the
        same classification as the employees subject to a layoff. In the
        interest of efficiency and productivity, the Employer shall have the
        right to move FITs from construction site to construction site.

        The FIT differential shall be 10% above the journeyperson wage
        rate as set out in the existing wage schedules. The rates of pay


                                                                             21
        for all FITs covered by this Agreement will be set forth in the
        current wage schedules.

        When the crew size is six (6) or less, including the Forepeople and
        the FIT, one or the other may be required to work with the tools of
        the trade but not both (crews without FITS are governed by Article
        1.02). FITs who are not working forepeople during regular time
        shall not be assigned duties of a working foreperson on overtime.
        In all instances, the primary responsibility of the FIT shall be to
        perform his/her safety and supervisory duties.

        Management will have 24 months to determine whether or not the
        FIT will become a foreperson. Employees who are not made a
        foreperson may be placed in the bargaining unit as labourers, only
        if at the time they commenced the FIT program they were
        employees in the bargaining unit. Otherwise they will be laid off or
        transferred.
                            ARTICLE 14 - WAGES
14.01   Effective May 1, 2025 and until April 30, 2030, the rates of pay for
        employees in the classifications listed in Article 1 of this
        agreement shall be as set forth in the wage schedules attached
        hereto.

14.02   EPSCA shall provide the Union with current wage schedules.

14.03   FOUR (4) ZONE CONCEPT

        EPSCA and the Union have implemented a four (4) zone concept
        that covers all LIUNA locals. The total wage package (TWP) will
        be the same throughout the zone, across the locals.

        The four (4) zones will be as follows:

           Zone 1                 Zone 2                Zone 3                   Zone 4

    Local 625 – Windsor    Local 183 – Toronto   Local 183 –              Local 607 – Thunder
                                                 Peterborough             Bay
    Local 625 – Chatham    Local 183 – Barrie
                                                 Local 183 – Huntsville   Local 493 – Timmins
    Local 837 – Hamilton   Local 183 – Oshawa
                                                 Local 527 – Cornwall     Local 493 – NE Misc
    Local 837 – St.
    Catherines                                   Local 527 –              Local 493 – Sudbury
                                                 Hawkesbury
    Local 1059 (4A) –                                                     Local 1036 – Sault St.
    London                                       Local 527 – Ottawa       Marie

    Local 1059 (4B) –                            Local 183 - Kingston
    London

    Local 1089 – Sarnia
        Once the zone total wage packages are determined the monetary
        increases shall be added to the total wage package.

                                                                                                22
14.04    In the event that an error is subsequently discovered on the wage
         schedules, the error shall be corrected and applied on a
         prospective basis and there shall be no retroactive adjustment or
         claw back.

                     ARTICLE 15 – PAY PROCEDURE
15.01 NORMAL

        a)    Employees shall be paid weekly and payment for any given
              week will be made not later than the sixth working day after
              the close of the payroll period, but in any event not later than
              Thursday of the following week. Except as provided for in
              15.01(c) employees who are at work on Thursday and are
              not paid will be paid on Friday. Such employees will be
              released one ( l ) hour, with pay, prior to normal quitting time
              on Friday to enable them to cash their cheque.

        b)    Wages shall be paid by the Employer, before quitting
              time. Accompanying each payment of wages shall be a
              statement, in writing, or an electronic statement, except
              where otherwise requested by the employee, which can be
              retained by the employee, setting forth.

               i)      The period of time or the work for which the wages
                       are being paid;

              ii)      The rate of wages to which the employee is entitled;

              iii)     The amount of wages to which the employee is
                       entitled;

              iv)      The amount of each deduction from the wages of the
                       employee and the purpose for which each deduction
                       is made;

              v)       Any allowance or other payment to which the
                       employee is entitled;

              vi)      The amount of vacation pay for which the employee is
                       being credited;

              vii)     The amount of statutory holiday pay for which the
                       employee is being credited; and

              viii)    The net amount of money being paid to the employee.

15.02    ON TERMINATION


                                                                            23
        a)    An employee who voluntarily terminates their employment
              will be provided their final pay on the next regular payday.

        b)    An employee who is laid off from a Lines and Stations
              construction site will have their final pay and termination
              documents mailed to their last known address on file with
              the Employer within five (5) working days of termination.
              This does not preclude an employee being issued their final
              pay and termination documents on the job prior to the five
              (5) day period. After 48 hours of notifying the Employer, the
              Employee will be entitled to four (4) hours at straight time
              for each normal workday for which there is non-compliance
              thereafter.

              The Employer will provide a Record of Employment (ROE)
              Form in the employee’s final pay or will send the ROE
              information electronically to Service Canada within the
              timelines specified in Article 15.02.

        c)    An employee who is discharged shall be provided with their
              final pay immediately if the Employer's pay facilities are on
              site or as per 15.2(b) if the Employer's pay facilities are
              not on site.

        d)    Employers will provide two (2) hours’ notice of layoff or two
              (2)    hours’ pay in lieu of notice to employees who are to
              be laid off. When possible, the Employer shall notify the
              Local Union three (3) days prior to layoff.

        e)    In established cases of long-term sickness, compensable
              accident or jury duty, an employee will be maintained on the
              Employer's payroll until their normal date of layoff.

15.03 The parties agree to direct deposit. An Employer will provide
      assistance to employees who require assistance obtaining a
      bank account.

15.04    A laid off employee shall have their final pay direct deposited no
         later than the next pay period or mailed out in accordance with
         Article 15.02 (b).

15.05    Hydro One Direct Hires Only: For any overpayment that amounts
         to $150.00 or less, the Employer will deduct the full amount of the
         overpayment from the next regular pay. Notification of the
         overpayment will be sent to the employee and the Union. The
         Employer shall advise the Union and obtain the employee’s
         consent prior to recovery of the funds for any overpayment over

                                                                              24
        $150.00. Should the employee withhold consent, the Employer
        reserves its right to seek recovery through the grievance
        procedure or other legal proceedings.


                    ARTICLE 16 - CALL-IN PAY
16.01   When an employee is called in to work outside of their normal
        hours of work, they shall receive a minimum of four (4) hours' work
        at the appropriate premium rate plus travel allowance where
        applicable. If the employee's normal hours of work commence
        within this four (4) hour period, the employee will be paid
        premium time from the time they commence work until the start
        of their normal hours and will revert to their normal hourly rate
        at the commencement of their normal hours of work.

        When working four (4) ten (10) hour days, a minimum payment
        of five (5) hours shall be applied.

ARTICLE 17 - REPORTING PAY ON 8 HOUR AND 10 HOUR
                     SHIFTS
17.01   An employee who reports for work, unless directed not to report
        the previous day by their Employer, shall receive a minimum of a
        half shift's pay (4 hours or 5 hours) at the applicable rate when
        they report for work, but is given no opportunity to work because
        none is available. This allowance will be paid to an employee if
        they are requested to report for any part of the first half of a shift
        and an additional half shift's pay (4 hours or 5 hours) will also be
        paid if they are requested to report for work for any part of the
        second half of the same shift. It is not intended by this Section that
        an employee receive a reporting pay allowance greater than their
        pay for normal daily hours.

17.02   An employee in receipt of reporting pay shall also receive travel or
        board allowance, if applicable.

17.03   Notwithstanding that work is available and an employee is able to
        commence or continue work, the Employer may shut down a job
        to avoid the possible loss of human life because of an emergency
        situation such as H2S leaks, bomb threats, fire, etc., that could
        endanger the life and safety of an employee. In such cases,
        employees will be compensated only for the actual time worked.

          ARTICLE 18 - INCLEMENT WEATHER PAY
18.01   An employee, who reports for work at the beginning of a shift and
        is unable to commence work due to inclement weather, will
        receive three (3) hours' pay at the applicable rate. To qualify, the


                                                                           25
         employee must remain on the job site for three (3) hours, unless
         excused by an authorized representative of the Employer.

18.02    An employee who reports for and commences work, but is unable
         to continue work due to inclement weather, shall receive three (3)
         hours' pay at the applicable rate or pay for the actual time worked
         for that shift, whichever is greater.

18.03 An employee who qualifies for inclement weather pay shall also
      receive travel or board allowance, if applicable.

ARTICLE 19 - DAILY TRAVEL ALLOWANCE / ROOM AND
       BOARD DAILY TRAVEL ALLOWANCE
19.01    The daily travel allowance will be paid by the Employers to their
         employees who are not living in camp or receiving a subsistence
         allowance as referred to in Section 19.04 on the following basis:

        a)    If an employee lives less than fifty (50) road-driven
              kilometres from the work location or declared assembly
              point, no travel allowance will be paid.

        b)    If an employee lives within fifty (50) to seventy (70) road-
              driven kilometres from the work location or declared
              assembly point, they shall receive the rates as set out
              below,for each day worked or reported for.

        c)    If an employee lives within seventy (70) to ninety-six (96)
              road-driven kilometres from the work location or declared
              assembly point, they shall receive the rates as set out
              below, for each day worked or reported for.

        d)    If an employee lives within ninety-six (96) to one hundred
              and ten (110) road-driven kilometres from the work location
              or declared assembly point, they shall receive the rates as
              set out below, for each day worked or reported.

        e)    If an employee lives greater than or equal to one hundred
              and ten (110) road-driven kilometres from the work location
              or declared assembly point, and does not qualify for
              subsistence allowance under Section 19.04 below, they shall
              receive the rates as set out below, provided they continue to
              travel greater than or equal to 110 road-driven kilometres
              daily for each day worked or reported for.

        f)    Employees using company vehicles are not entitled to daily
              travel.



                                                                            26
        g)       If a Group II, VI or IX Labourer does not qualify for Room and
                 Board under Article 19.04 and lives greater than one hundred
                 and ten road-driven kilometers (110 km) from the project,
                 they shall receive daily travel as per the rates in Article 19.01
                 (e).

                 Daily Travel Rates - Labourers (Trans)
               Year             19.01       19.01        19.01        19.01
                               (b) 50-     (c) 70-      (d) 96-        (e)
                                 70          96           110         >110
                                Road        Road         Road         Road
                                 Km          Km           Km           Km
          2025-05-01           $32.56       $37.14       $42.00       $49.29
          2026-05-01           $33.37       $38.07       $43.05       $50.52
          2027-05-01           $34.20       $39.02       $44.13       $51.78
          2028-05-01           $35.06       $40.00       $45.23       $53.07
          2029-05-01           $35.94       $41.00       $46.36       $54.40


19.02            The Employer reserves the right to base daily travel
                 allowance on the distance in road-driven kilometres from
                 where an employee lives to either the work location or
                 declared assembly point, depending on where the employee
                 is directed to report.

19.03            For the purpose of the Collective Agreement, “road-driven
                 kilometres” is based on the shortest available road-driven
                 distance from where an employee lives to either the work
                 location or declared assembly point, depending on where the
                 employee is directed to report, as measured through Google
                 Maps.

ROOM AND BOARD

19.04 The following conditions will apply for employees whose regular
        residence3 is greater than or equal to one hundred and ten (110)
        road-driven kilometres from the work location:




1 An employee`s “regular residence” is:
    1. The place where the employee maintains a self-contained, domestic establishment (a
       dwelling house, apartment or similar place of residence where a person generally eats and
       sleeps and for which they can show proof of financial commitment). This is in contrast to
       a boarding house facility which is not self contained; and

                                                                                             27
     (a)      An Employer may supply either:

             (i)      Room and board in camp or a good standard of board
                      and lodging; or

             (ii)     A subsistence allowance;

             Subject to Sections 19.04(b) and (c) below.

     (b)     An employee may exercise their option not to stay in a camp
             or accept room and board. An employee who exercises this
             option and qualifies for subsistence allowance shall receive a
             subsistence allowance of the rates as set out below don’t for
             each day worked or reported for subject to Section 19.04(c)
             below.

                                             19.04(b)
               Year
                                             Subsistence
               2025-05-01                    $ 140.00
               2026-05-01                    $ 145.00
               2027-05-01                    $ 150.00
               2028-05-01                    $ 155.00
               2029-05-01                    $ 160.00


     (c)     To qualify for subsistence allowance an employee must
             maintain temporary accommodation at or near the work
             location. Employees who travel daily to locations greater than
             or equal to 110 road-driven kilometres from the project will
             be entitled to the rates as set out below for each day worked
             or reported for.

                                             19.04 (c) Travel in
               Year
                                             Room and Board
               2025-05-01                    $ 56.96
               2026-05-01                    $ 58.38
               2027-05-01                    $ 59.84
               2028-05-01                    $ 61.34
               2029-05-01                    $ 62.87




2.   The employee normally resides in the residence except for those periods of time when,
     because of the location of the work, the employee is forced to obtain a temporary
     accommodation at that work location.


                                                                                       28
        (d)   When an employee's regular residence is more than
              three hundred sixty (360) road-driven kilometres from the
              project, and the job or project is worked on a four ten (4x 10)
              hour work week, the employee shall receive room and board
              allowance on a five-day basis for a regular work week. If
              the employee is required to work an additional ten (10)
              hour shift beyond the normal four ten (4x10) hour shift,
              the employee will be entitled to room and board allowance
              for an additional ten (10) hour shift worked to a maximum
              of seven (7) days room and board in a week.

        (e)   Where the Employer provides good standard of board
              and lodging, the Employer will endeavour to arrange for
              single accommodation wherever possible.

19.05    An employee shall not qualify for daily travel allowance or room and
         board allowance as provided for in Sections 19.01 and 19.04 above,
         when such employee reports for work but does not remain at work
         for their scheduled daily hours unless excused by an authorized
         representative of their Employer. Such permission shall not be
         unreasonably denied.

19.06 An employee who maintained a regular residence within the
      geographic area for the purposes of employment and who
      relocates outside the geographic area will not be entitled to an
      increase in travel or room and board allowance entitlement as a
      result of this relocation.

19.07 The Union recognizes the Employer's right to charge for board
      and other existing services. The Employer fixes the charge for
      board and other existing services in camps at $25.00 per day.
      This will be applied on the following basis:

        (a)   An employee who remains in camp on a normally
              scheduled workday on which they do not work will be
              charged $25.00 per day unless they are excused from
              work by an authorized representative of their Employer.

     (b)      An employee who is absent from work on Friday without
              approval and who remains in camp and who is still
              absent from work on the following Monday without
              approval will be charged for room and board for Friday,
              Saturday, Sunday and Monday.

     (c)      An employee who is absent from work without approval
              on Friday but who works the following Monday will be



                                                                           29
              charged for the day of absence and will not be charged
              for Saturday and Sunday.

     (d)      An employee who works the Friday and is absent from
              work without approval on the following Monday will be
              charged for the day of absence and will not be charged
              for Saturday and Sunday.

19.08 Upon application, payment of Daily Travel Allowance/Room and
      Board will be issued for the first two pay periods. Failure to provide
      satisfactory proof of eligibility during this period, will result in
      cessation of payments and the recovery in two equal amounts. In
      the event of termination for any reason before full recovery, any
      balance owing will be deducted from the final pay.

        All applications for Daily Travel Allowance/Room and Board must
        be filed with the Employer within thirty (30) days of the start of
        employment. The Employer will not be responsible for any
        applications filed after thirty (30) days.

               ARTICLE 20 - DAILY TRAVEL TIME
20.01 All travel time will be outside of normal working hours.

20.02   (a)   An employee will be paid their straight-time rate for all time
              spent travelling from their assembly point to their work
              location on normal working days.

              An employee will be paid premium time for all time spent
              travelling from their assembly point to their work location
              on days other than normal working days.

        (b)   An employee will travel up to a maximum of one hour on
              his own time when returning from their work location to
              their assembly point. An employee will be paid their
              straight-time rate for all time spent travelling in excess of
              one hour.

              An employee who is driving a company vehicle shall be paid
              for all time spent travelling from the work location and back
              to the assembly point on normal working days.

20.03 All time in excess of one hour spent travelling from the work
      location to the assembly point on non-working days shall be
      compensated for at the appropriate premium rates of pay.

        An employee who is driving a company vehicle shall be paid
        premium time for all time spent travelling from the work location


                                                                            30
        and back to the assembly point on days other than normal working
        days.

20.04 The Employer will supply transportation between the assembly
      points and work locations.

20.05 An employee who is required to use a personal vehicle for
      travel between work locations shall be compensated at a rate
      of sixty three cents ($0.63) per kilometre in addition to being
      paid the applicable hourly rate.

        ARTICLE 21 - TRAVEL AND TRANSPORTATION
21.01 INITIAL EMPLOYMENT

        On recruitment of tradespeople who live between ninety-six (96) to
        one hundred and eighty-nine (189) road-driven kilometres from the
        project, the Employer shall pay fifty dollars ($50.00) for the initial
        trip to the project.

21.02 ONTARIO RESIDENTS

        On recruitment of tradespeople who live in Ontario but beyond one
        hundred and eighty-nine (189) road-driven kilometres from the
        project, the Employer shall pay as an allowance sixty three cents
        ($0.63) per road-driven kilometres, plus travel time based on one
        (1) hour's pay for each 96 road-driven kilometres of travel to a
        maximum of eight (8) hours' pay, for the initial trip to the project from
        where the tradesperson lives or place of recruitment, whichever is
        closer to the project.

21.03 NON-ONTARIO RESIDENTS

        On recruitment of tradespeople who live outside Ontario and
        beyond 189 road-driven kilometres from the project, the Employer
        shall pay as an allowance the equivalent of the cost of public
        transportation plus travel time based on one (1) hour's pay for
        each 96 road-driven kilometres of travel to a maximum of eight (8)
        hours' pay, for the initial trip to the project from where the
        tradesperson lives or place of recruitment, whichever is closer to
        the project

21.04   To qualify for payment in 21.01, 21.02 or 21.03, the employee
        must remain at the project for a minimum of fifteen (15) working
        days or the duration of the job, whichever is lesser.

21.05   On termination of employment due to a reduction of staff, an
        employee entitled to payment under 21.01, 21.02 or 21.03 shall be


                                                                              31
        entitled to return expenses calculated in the same manner as in
        21.01, 21.02 or 21.03 above for the return trip from the project to
        the tradesperson's regular residence or place of recruitment,
        whichever is closer to the project. An employee whose
        employment terminates for any reason other than reduction of staff
        shall not be eligible for return payment.

21.06 TRANSFER

             (a)    When transferring employees, the Employer shall pay
                    the equivalent of the cost of public transportation for
                    the initial trip to the project from the employee's most
                    recent work location. In addition, the Employer shall
                    pay travelling time equivalent at straight-time rates up
                    to a maximum of eight (8) hours.

             (b)    When transferring employees North of the French
                    River at the end of the scheduled work week and who
                    return home, the Employer shall pay the equivalent of
                    the cost of public transportation for the initial trip to the
                    project from the employee’s place of residence. In
                    addition, the Employer shall pay travelling time
                    equivalent at straight-time rates up to a maximum of
                    eight (8) hours.

                    For clarity, no employee would be entitled to both
                    transfer payments in 21.06 (a) and (b).

21.07 WRAP AROUND (Local 607 only)

        Employees on the project shall be paid their initial travel allowance
        to and from the jobsite every forty-two (42) calendar days. This
        shall be paid whether or not the employees actually return to their
        place of residence.

                     ARTICLE 22 - STANDOFF
22.01   When unable to proceed with their work, an Employer may elect to
        Standoff part or all of their crew. The parties agree Standoff is not
        intended to circumvent the layoff procedure.

        The Employer reserves the right to Standoff its employees without
        pay up to a maximum of ten (10) consecutive working days.
        Notification of Standoff will be made by the Employer during
        normal working hours. A Record of Employment will be issued
        electronically upon the commencement of the Standoff. No travel
        allowance will be paid to an employee for the Standoff period.
        Subsistence allowance will only be paid when proof that

                                                                              32
        temporary residence is being maintained is provided. Proof of
        residency will be in a form acceptable to Management such as a
        Landlord receipt, hotel/motel receipt, etc.

22.02   An employee who qualifies for subsistence allowance and who is
        placed on Standoff will be paid subsistence allowance up to a
        maximum of ten (10) consecutive working days.

22.03   If Standoff continues beyond ten (10) consecutive working days,
        an employee, at their option, may elect to remain on Standoff for
        an additional twenty (20) consecutive working days or be removed
        from Standoff. The Employer retains recall rights on employees
        electing to continue on Standoff. Subsistence allowance will cease
        after ten (10) consecutive working days on Standoff.

22.04   If an employee elects layoff beyond the tenth (10th) consecutive
        working day, it shall be carried out in accordance with the terms of
        the Layoff/Seniority provisions of this Collective Agreement. An
        employee laid off will be issued a Record of Employment form on
        their date of layoff indicating "Layoff - Shortage of Work". The
        Employer does not retain recall rights if the employee elects
        Layoff.

22.05   Standoff shall only continue beyond thirty (30) consecutive
        working days with the mutual consent of the Employer and the
        Union, in writing.

        For the purpose of this Article, when working on a 4 x 10 hour shift
        arrangement, the following will apply:

             (a) Eight (8) scheduled working days will be considered the
                 equivalent of ten (10) consecutive working days.

             (b) Sixteen (16) scheduled working days will be considered
                 the equivalent of twenty (20) consecutive working days.

             (c) Twenty-four (24) scheduled working days will be
                 considered the equivalent of thirty (30) consecutive
                 working days.

                    ARTICLE 23 - REST PERIOD
23.01   For employees working normal hours, a fifteen (15) minute rest
        period will be allotted, at the time and in a reasonable location as
        directed by the Employer, for each half shift worked. Where a half
        shift is less than four (4) hours, there shall be no rest period.




                                                                          33
23.02   For employees required to work overtime, a ten (10) minute rest
        period will be allotted prior to the end of the normal shift before
        commencing overtime work.

23.03   For employees working overtime, a fifteen (15) minute rest period
        will be allotted, at the time directed by the Employer, after each
        two hours of overtime worked.



           ARTICLE 24 - LUNCHROOM FACILITIES
24.01   Adequately heated accommodation separate from change rooms
        and washrooms shall be provided by the Employer on each
        project when necessary and where such accommodation can be
        reasonably provided for. Such accommodation shall be
        weatherproof and shall be kept reasonably clean. A table and
        sufficient benches or seats for the employees on the job shall be
        provided in the accommodation. Trailerized or portable
        accommodation shall include tables, benches, light, heat
        maintained at a minimum of sixty-eight (68) degrees Fahrenheit,
        proper access and egress, and shall not be used for material
        storage.

              ARTICLE 25 - MEALS ON OVERTIME
25.01 SCHEDULED EIGHT (8) HOUR SHIFTS

        When an employee has not been notified the previous day that
        they will be required to work for more than two (2) hours beyond
        the normal quitting time of the first or second shifts or for more
        than three and one half (3 1/2) hours beyond the normal quitting
        time of the third shift, they shall be provided with a meal and be
        allowed thirty (30) minutes to consume same and the employee
        shall be paid at the base hourly rate of pay. This meal break will
        be taken following the first two (2) hours of overtime worked. After
        each additional four (4) is worked and when work is required
        beyond that four (4) hour period, the employee shall be allowed
        thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the base hourly rate of
        pay and they shall be provided with a meal. The Employer will
        supply a hot meal when possible. Where an employee has been
        notified the previous day, no meal will be provided after the first
        two (2) hours of overtime worked, but the employee will be
        allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the base hourly
        rate of pay. After each additional four (4) hours is worked and
        when work is required beyond that four (4) hour period, the
        employee shall be allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at
        the base hourly rate of pay and they shall be provided with a meal.


                                                                              34
        When a paid meal period overlaps a rest period, the paid meal
        period will supplant the rest period.

        The above-noted is not applicable to the first eight (8) hours
        worked on Saturdays, Sundays or Recognized Holidays for
        employees who normally work the first or second shifts.

        The above-noted is not applicable to the first six and one half (6
        1/2) hours worked on Saturdays, Sundays or Recognized
        Holidays for employees who normally work the third shift.

25.02 SCHEDULED TEN (10) HOUR SHIFTS

        When an employee has not been notified the previous day that
        they will be required to work beyond their normal quitting time,
        prior to commencing the overtime work, they shall be provided
        with a meal and be allowed thirty (30) minutes to consume same
        and the employee shall be paid at the base hourly rate of pay.
        After each additional four (4) hours is worked and when work is
        required beyond that four (4) hour period, the employee shall be
        allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the base hourly
        rate of pay and they shall be provided with a meal. The Employer
        will supply a hot meal when possible. Where an employee has
        been notified the previous day, no meal will be provided prior to
        commencement of overtime work, but the employee will be
        allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at the base hourly
        rate of pay. After each additional four (4) hours is worked and
        when work is required beyond that four (4) hour period, the
        employee shall be allowed thirty (30) minutes to eat and be paid at
        the base hourly rate of pay and they shall be provided with a meal.

        The above-noted is not applicable to the first ten (10) hours
        worked on Saturdays, Sundays or Recognized Holidays for
        employees who normally work the first and second shifts.

        When a paid meal period overlaps a rest period, the paid meal
        period will supplant the rest period.

             ARTICLE 26 - TOOLS AND CLOTHING
26.01   An employee shall be required to provide himself with the ordinary
        hand tools of their trade, based on established trade Union
        practices at the time of signing of this Agreement. EPSCA and the
        Union shall establish an appropriate tool list for the trade.
        Employers may supply tools and equipment to employees.
        Employees receiving such tools and equipment shall be
        responsible for them in accordance with this Article.


                                                                             35
        The Employer will provide, insofar as is practical, separate
        facilities for storing tools but shall not be held responsible for
        losses, except as noted hereunder:

             (a)    When personal tools valued in excess of $15.00
                    are lost due to fire, the Employer will consider the
                    full estimated value on the merit of each case in
                    determining replacement or payment. This will
                    include only personal tools that a tradesperson is
                    required to have to perform their normal duties with
                    their Employer.

             (b)    The Employer will compensate their employees for
                    ordinary hand tools and clothing lost by theft from
                    locked storage provided by them for their
                    employees. Claims must be submitted, in writing,
                    and must provide substantiating evidence of forcible
                    entry to locked storage. Payment or replacement
                    for personal clothing lost by theft on the work site
                    shall be limited to clothing that a tradesperson is
                    required to have to perform their normal duties with
                    their Employer.

             (c)    In the event of loss by fire at an Employer's camp or
                    on the work site in an Employer designated storage
                    area, replacement or payment of the full estimated
                    value in excess of $15.00 but not exceeding seven
                    hundred and fifty dollars ($750) for the loss of
                    personal clothing will be made by the Employer.
                    Payment or replacement for personal clothing lost by
                    fire on the work site shall be limited to clothing that a
                    tradesperson is required to have to perform their
                    normal duties with their Employer.

26.02   An employee who has obtained tools from their Employer shall be
        allowed sufficient time, in the opinion of Management, to return
        such tools to their Employer during working hours. An employee
        receiving tools from their Employer shall be held responsible for
        the return of such tools in good condition, subject to normal wear
        and tear. On layoff, an employee will be allowed reasonable time
        to return tools to their Employer.

26.03   Gang tools are tools which are issued to a foreperson and are
        used by one or more members of the crew. Gang tools shall be
        the responsibility of the Employer




                                                                             36
26.04   Employers may supply additional tools and equipment to
        employees. Employees receiving such tools or equipment shall be
        responsible for them in accordance with this Article. Employees
        will immediately report the loss of any Employer supplied tools or
        equipment.

26.05   Power tools, torque wrenches and other gang tools are tools
        which are issued to a foreperson and are used by one or more
        members of the crew. Such tools are not identified on trades' tool
        lists, nor are they the tools and equipment identified in 26.01 of
        this article.



ARTICLE 27 - PROTECTIVE CLOTHING AND EQUIPMENT
27.01   Employees must, at their own expense, provide suitable clothing
        for the performance of their regular duties. Employees are
        required to wear protective clothing and use protective equipment,
        as determined by the Employer, for the work being done, subject
        to sections 27.02 and 27.03 below.

27.02   The Employer shall provide suitable rainwear, when required.

27.03   The protective clothing and equipment covered in sections 27.01
        and 27.02 of this Article that is provided by the Employer shall be
        charged out to the employee and the employee shall be
        responsible for the return of such clothing and equipment to their
        Employer.

        No charge will be made against an employee for protective
        clothing which may be substantiated as having been lost or stolen
        due to circumstances beyond the employee's control. Any lost or
        stolen articles are to be reported to the supervisor immediately.

27.04   On abnormally dirty and /or corrosive work in which employees’
        clothes may permanently damaged, the Employer shall supply
        and maintain the appropriate protective clothing at no cost to the
        employee. Such protective clothing will remain the property of the
        Employer and will be returned by employee upon completion of
        the work involved.

                 ARTICLE 28 - HOURS OF WORK
28.01   One (1) or Two (2) Shift Operation

        The weekly hours of work Monday to Friday inclusive shall consist
        of forty (40) hours for all employees of Employers covered by this
        agreement and working on a one (1) or two (2) shift operation

                                                                          37
          except as described in Sections 28.02, 28.03,28.04, 28.05, 28.06
          and 28.07.

          The weekly hours of work may be arrived at by having the
          employees work either

            (a) Four (4) consecutive ten-hour shifts, Monday to Thursday or;

            (b) Four (4) consecutive ten-hour shifts, Tuesday to Friday;

            (c) Five (5) consecutive eight-hour shifts but not concurrently on
                   the same work program4.

            (d) Employees will not be moved from work program to work
                program to circumvent overtime. Disputes arising from this
                Article are subject to the grievance procedure.

          Each Employer will notify the Local Union of the weekly hours of
          work for each work program4 at the site.

          Weekly hours of work will be established for a minimum period of
          two (2) weeks.

          If an Employer, with the approval of the owner, intends to change
          the weekly hours of work, a minimum of five (5) days written
          notice shall be sent to the Local Union.

          The start time for the day shift shall be between 6:00am and
          9:00am. The start time for the afternoon shift shall be immediately
          following the day shift or within two (2) hours either way to
          coincide with the end of the day shift.

          The shift differential for those employees working the afternoon
          shift when a two shift operation has been established by the
          Employer will be one-seventh (1/7) for scheduled hours worked
          on that shift.




4
  For the purposes of this section, a work program may be defined as work taking place on a site
that could include the following:
     o Outages
     o Specific contracted scopes of work
     o Various and different modifications in an operating plant where the owner dictates the
         hours of work or
     o Subcontracts for a prime contractor where the prime contractor dictates the hours of work

                                                                                            38
        Three (3) Shift Operation

        When a three (3) shift operation is established by the Employer,
        the following conditions will apply:

        Those employees working on the day shift shall work eight (8)
        hours per shift at the straight time rate.

        Those employees working on the afternoon shift shall work seven
        and one-half (7 1/2) hours per shift at the straight time plus the
        appropriate shift differential as set out in the Shift Differential
        Article of this agreement.

        Those employees working on the night shift shall work seven (7)
        hours per shift plus the appropriate shift differential as set out in
        the Shift Differential Article of this agreement.

28.02   The hours of work for such work as driveway and parking lot
        construction, railroad construction, landscaping, tunnelling,
        precast concrete erection, fencing or demolition, shall be as
        established in applicable local agreements for the class and
        character of work.

        An applicable local agreement shall be an agreement
        between a local of the Union and a builders' exchange,
        contractors' association or contractor applicable in the
        locality of the project for the class and character of the work.

28.03   The weekly hours of work for structural steel erection shall be forty
        (40) hours made up of five (5) days of eight (8) hours each,
        Monday to Friday inclusive.

28.04   The weekly hours of work for site preparation and earth dams
        shall be 45 hours made up of five (5) days of nine (9) hours each,
        Monday to Friday inclusive.

28.05   The weekly hours of work for Watchpeople shall be forty-eight (48)
        hours per week. Watchpeople may be required to work up to
        twelve (12) hours per day.

28.06   The weekly hours for tunneling shall be forty (40) per week.

28.07   The weekly hours of work for mason tenders shall be forty (40)
        comprised of eight hour and one-half hours Monday through
        Thursday and six hours on Friday. All work in excess of the daily
        hours shall be overtime.



                                                                            39
28.08   Shift Change

        A shift will be deemed to be established providing at least four (4)
        consecutive days of a shift are to be worked excluding Saturdays,
        Sundays and recognized holidays. If an employee is removed
        from their scheduled shift prior to completing four (4) consecutive
        shifts, the employee will be paid shift differential for the balance of
        the four (4) consecutive shifts that would have been worked had
        the employee not been reassigned.

28.09   It may be necessary from time to time to vary the hours of work
        established in this Article. Any amendments to the hours of work
        will be established by mutual agreement between the Employer
        with the approval of EPSCA and the Union.

28.10   Any changes to the hourly or weekly work hours will be made
        effective the first day of the new pay period.

28.11   NORTH OF FRENCH RIVER

        Applies to Hydro One Direct Hires Only:
        For work North of the French River, in remote locations where it is
        not practical for employees to return home daily, the Employer , at
        their discretion, may establish the following hours of work
        arrangement:

          i. The Employer may establish a shift consisting of eight (8)
             consecutive ten (10) hours days at applicable rates followed
             by six (6) consecutive days off

          ii. Board allowance will be paid for all days worked. Board
              allowance will be as per Article 19.03 or the Employer may
              pay expenses in lieu of Board Allowance. If the Employer
              deems it necessary to fly employees to the work location,
              flights will be paid for by the Employer.

          iii. Employees who qualify for additional day(s) of Board
               allowance, as per Article 19.03 (d) shall receive two (2)
               additional days’ Board allowance.

          iv. The return trip to the assembly point (2 hours minimum to
              maximum length of the shift) will be during working hours.

28.12   LUNCH PERIODS FOR MAJOR PROJECTS

        A lunch period will be given no earlier than four (4) hours and no
        more than five (5) hours after the start of the shift and will be one-

                                                                             40
        half (1/2) hour in duration. A lunch period will be given no earlier
        than three and one-half (3 1/2) hours and no more than five (5)
        hours after the start of the third shift and will be one-half (1/2)
        hour in duration.

28.13   When an employee is required to return to work without an eight
        (8) hour break, all work performed shall be at the premium rate
        until such time as the employee receives an eight (8) hour break.
        This provision does not apply when a change in an employee's
        normal shift (as defined in this Article) occurs or to call-in
        situations.

28.14   MAKE UP TIME

        Does not apply to Hydro One Direct Hires: The employees may, by
        mutual agreement between the Employer and the Union, make up
        for lost time, providing they do not work more than 40 hours per
        week, or 10 hours per day, at the straight time rate, Monday to
        Friday inclusive.

        The above applies on the following conditions:

        1) Can only be used by IBEW contractors.

        2) Will only apply provided that other trades working for the
           Employer on the same shift schedule and making up for lost
           time during a compressed work week (Monday to Friday
           inclusive) have agreed to do so at the straight time rate.

        The above will become null and void if Hydro One contracts out
        100% of their work.

28.15 NORTHERN HOURS OF WORK

        For work North of the French River, in remote locations where it is
        not practical for employees to return home daily, the Employer, at
        their discretion, may establish a shift consisting of fourteen (14)
        consecutive days, at the applicable rates, followed by seven (7)
        consecutive days off.

          ARTICLE 29 - SHIFT DIFFERENTIAL RATE
29.01   Employees required to work shift work, other than the regular day
        shift, shall receive a shift differential rate of one-seventh (1/7) for
        normal scheduled shift hours worked. Employees required to
        work shift work on the third shift of a three-shift operation shall
        receive a shift differential of one-fifth (1/5) for normal scheduled
        shift hours worked.

                                                                             41
29.02   For employees required to work shift work on tunnelling, the
        following conditions will apply: Where three shifts are worked, the
        shift times shall be as follows, subject to variation by agreement of
        the Union and an Employer :

              (a)     1st Shift: 7:00 am - 3:00 pm

              (b)     2nd Shift: 3:00 pm - 11:00 pm

              (c)     3rd Shift: 11:00 pm - 7:00 am

        On such three shift tunnelling operations, it is agreed the meal
        break will be paid. Where three shifts are working involving
        payment of Saturday or Sunday overtime under the provisions of
        this agreement, it is agreed that shift premium, where applicable,
        will be paid in addition to the overtime. All second shift work to be
        paid at time and one-eighth the regular day shift rate, and all third
        shift work to be paid at time and one-seventh the regular day shift
        rate. On tunnel work, all hours worked on a second shift after
        11:00 pm will be paid at third shift premium rate (time and one-
        seventh), but this does not apply when the regular quitting time for
        the second shift is 12:00 midnight.

29.03 Shift differential will be paid on overtime hours.

                    ARTICLE 30 OVERTIME RATES
30.01   Overtime rates are paid for work performed outside of normal
        hours as defined in the Article 28 -"Hours of Work"- of this
        Agreement and for work performed on Saturday, Sunday and the
        Statutory Holidays listed in Article 31 and shall be as set forth in
        the wage schedules subject to 30.02 below.

        When an employee is required to return to work without an eight-
        hour (8-hour) break, all work performed shall be paid for at the
        applicable overtime rate until such time as the employee receives
        an eight-hour (8-hour) break. This provision does not apply to a
        shift change.

30.02   Effective May 1, 2010 until April 30, 2015, EPSCA shall amend
        wage schedules with respect to overtime to conform to the
        overtime rates of pay for the classifications listed in Article 1 of this
        Agreement paid in the locality by Employers under agreement with
        the Union for construction work of a related nature.

30.03   When overtime work is required, a minimum of one-half (1/2)
        hour's work will be provided.



                                                                              42
30.04    WATCHPEOPLE

         Overtime rates for Watchpeople (excluding tunnelling) shall be
         one and one-half times the basic rate for all hours worked outside
         of twelve (12) hours per day or in excess of forty-eight (48) hours
         per week.

         Two times the basic rate shall be paid for all hours worked on the
         Statutory Holidays listed in Article 31 of this Agreement.

  ARTICLE 31 VACATION AND STATUTORY HOLIDAYS
31.01 The Vacation and Statutory Holiday pay rate shall be ten (10)
      percent of vacationable gross earnings*. Payment shall be made
      weekly on the employee's regular pay cheque.

        For Local 183: Vacation pay shall be remitted on behalf of Local
        183 members directed to the Local 183 Vacation Pay Trust Fund,
        by the fifteenth (15th) day of the month following the month in which
        such vacation pay was earned.

         The Statutory Holidays recognized under this Agreement are:

              New Year's Day           Civic Holiday
              Family Day               Labour Day
              Good Friday              Thanksgiving Day
              Easter Monday            Christmas Day
              Victoria Day             Boxing Day
              Canada Day

         Recognized holidays falling on a Saturday or Sunday shall be
         observed on the following Monday. When Christmas Day falls on
         a Saturday or Sunday, it shall be observed on the following
         Monday and Boxing Day on the following Tuesday. When New
         Year's Day falls on a Saturday or Sunday, it shall be observed on
         either the preceding Friday or the following Monday.

         EPSCA or the Employer with the approval of EPSCA reserves
         the right to change the day of observance of a Statutory Holiday
         when such a holiday falls on a Tuesday or Thursday.

31.02    A three (3) week leave of absence for the purpose of taking an
         annual vacation will be granted in the calendar year in which the
         employee completes one year of continuous service** with the
         Employer. In special circumstances, where the work schedule
         permits, additional time off may be granted to an employee. The
         additional time off will not be unreasonably denied.



                                                                             43
*”Vacationable gross earnings” means pay for regular hours, overtime, premium pay, shift
differential, lines and stations travel time, retroactive pay adjustments, reporting pay, inclement
weather pay, call-in pay, Saturday and Sunday premiums and trade training, but does not include
payment of initial and return travel.

** Service will be calculated based on an employee’s length of continuous service with their
Employer


                 ARTICLE 32 GRIEVANCE PROCEDURE
32.01     Grievances within the meaning of the grievance and arbitration
          procedure shall consist only of disputes about the interpretation or
          application of particular clauses of this Agreement and about
          alleged violations of this Agreement. In the event of any dispute
          concerning the meaning or application of any provision of this
          Agreement, there shall be no suspension or disruption of work, but
          such dispute shall be treated as a grievance and shall be settled,
          if possible, by the Employer and the Union. In the interests of
          expediting the procedure, the parties shall process grievances in
          the manner set out below. The grievance procedure and
          arbitration procedure in Article 33 do not apply to jurisdictional
          disputes.

32.02 PRELIMINARY DISCUSSION

          Disputes arising out of the interpretation or alleged violation of this
          Agreement should, if possible, be settled by discussion between
          the employee and/or their steward and the employee's supervisor.

32.03      FIRST STEP

          If a dispute cannot be resolved by this method, the Accredited
          Union Representative may file a formal grievance with the EPSCA
          Representative or their designate within fifteen (15) working days
          of the alleged grievous act. Within ten (10) working days of the
          filing of the grievance, the EPSCA Representative or their
          designate shall investigate the grievance and convene a First Step
          meeting with the Accredited Union Representative and any other
          necessary parties. Within five (5) working days of the First Step
          meeting, the EPSCA Representative or their designate shall issue
          their grievance disposition.

32.04 SECOND STEP

          Within ten (10) working days after the first step disposition has
          been issued, the Accredited Union Representative may refer the
          grievance to the Employer’s Labour Relations Department (or
          equivalent) or the Senior EPSCA Representative. Within fifteen
          (15) working days of the referral, the parties will meet to attempt
          resolution

                                                                                                  44
32.05   EMPLOYER OR UNION GRIEVANCES

        The processing of EPSCA, Employer or Union grievances will
        begin at the Second Step. The Employer or the Union may submit
        either policy or specific grievances. Such policy or specific
        grievances shall be submitted within thirty (30) days of the alleged
        grievous act.

32.06   TIME LIMITS

        The time limits set out in the above sections shall be complied
        with by the parties, unless the parties mutually agree, in writing, to
        extend or waive the time limits imposed. Where no answer is
        given within the time limits specified, the employee concerned,
        the Union, or the Employer shall be entitled to submit the
        grievance to the next step of the grievance procedure. Any
        grievance not processed within the time limits specified in the
        grievance procedure shall be deemed to have been settled and
        ineligible for arbitration.

32.07 Alleged unjustified termination, discharge, suspension or
      disciplinary action may be grieved against the Grievor’s
      Employer beginning at First Step.

32.08 The Union has the right to refer any grievance to arbitration
      pursuant to section 133 of the Labour Relations Act

32.09   Grievance Facilities

        The Employer shall provide the necessary facilities for all
        grievance meetings.

                    ARTICLE 33 - ARBITRATION
 33.01 If any dispute about the interpretation or application of particular
       clauses of this Agreement or about an alleged violation of this
       Agreement cannot be settled through the grievance procedure
       outlined in Article 32, the matter may be submitted within thirty
       (30) days of its failure of settlement by grievance procedure by
       either the Employer or the Union to a Board of Arbitration for
       adjudication. The party desiring to submit the dispute to
       arbitration shall notify the other party, in writing, of its desire and
       the notice shall contain the name of the first party's nominee to
       an arbitration board. The recipient of the notice shall, within five
       (5) working days, inform the other party of the name of its
       nominee to the arbitration board. The two nominees so
       selected shall, within ten (10) working days of the appointment of
       the second of them, appoint a third person who shall be the

                                                                             45
        Chairperson. If the recipient of the notice fails to appoint a
        nominee, or if the nominees fail to agree upon a Chairperson, the
        appointment shall be made by the Minister of Labour for Ontario
        upon the request of either party. The arbitration board, when
        selected or appointed, will proceed as soon as practicable to hear
        and determine the dispute and it shall issue a decision which is
        final and binding upon the parties and upon their respective
        members, The decision of a majority is the decision of the
        arbitration board, but if there is no majority, the decision of the
        Chairperson governs.

33.02   The arbitration board shall have no power to add to or subtract
        from or modify any of the terms of this Agreement. The
        arbitration board shall not substitute its discretion for that of the
        parties except where the board determines that an employee has
        been discharged or otherwise disciplined for cause when this
        Agreement does not contain a specific penalty for the infraction
        that is the subject matter of the arbitration. In such cases, the
        arbitration board may substitute such other penalty for the
        discharge or discipline as to the arbitration board seems just and
        reasonable in all circumstances. The arbitration board shall not
        exercise any responsibility or function of the parties. The
        arbitration board shall not deal with any matter not contained in
        the original statement of grievance filed by the party referring the
        matter to arbitration.

33.03   In arbitration proceedings, each party shall pay the fees and
        expenses of its nominee, whether appointed by the party or by the
        Minister of Labour for Ontario, and the fees and expenses of the
        Chairperson shall be shared equally by the time limits as to both
        documents and procedure set out in the above sections shall be
        observed by the parties to this Agreement provided, however, that
        the parties may mutually agree, in writing, in respect to an
        extension or waiver of any of the time limits imposed parties.

33.04   The time limits as to both documents and procedure set out in the
        above sections shall be observed by the parties to this Agreement
        provided, however, that the parties may mutually agree, in writing,
        in respect to an extension or waiver of any of the time limits
        imposed.

           ARTICLE 34 - NO STRIKE – NO LOCKOUT
34.01   There shall be no strikes or lockouts so long as this Agreement
        continues to operate.




                                                                           46
                      ARTICLE 35 - BENEFITS
35.01   The Employer agrees to pay into operative welfare, pension,
        prepaid legal and supplementary unemployment benefit plans,
        whether in addition to the wage rates or deducted from the wage
        rates, for employees covered by this agreement. The amounts
        shall be as set out in the wage schedules attached hereto.

35.02   The Union agrees to supply the Employer with all information
        regarding the welfare, pension and supplementary unemployment
        benefit plans and also all administrative material that is required
        for the implementation of them. Should the welfare, pension or
        SUB plan contributions recognized under this Agreement change
        during the term of this Agreement then an adjustment may be
        made to the base rate. The total wage package will not be
        changed. Within three (3) weeks of receipt of an acceptable
        written notice from the Union, any changes to such contributions
        will be implemented. The effective date will be the date of
        implementation.

35.03   In the event an Employer is more than fifteen (15) days in arrears
        of the requirement to forward contributions and/or deductions to
        the Trustees by the fifteenth of the month following, the
        Employer shall pay as liquidated damages and not as a penalty an
        amount equal to two (2%) percent (equivalent to 24% per annum)
        for each month or part thereof that the contributions and/or
        deductions are in default for greater than fifteen (15) days
        provided the Employer has received five (5) days' written notice to
        correct such default. The trustees may require a delinquent
        Employer to pay for the costs, legal or otherwise, of collecting the
        amount owing, as outlined in the operative benefit plan trust
        documents.

35.04 The Trustees of the Employee Benefit Plans referred to in this
      Collective Agreement shall promptly notify the Union of the
      failure by any Employer to pay any employee benefit
      contributions required to be made under this Collective
      Agreement and which are owed under the said plans in order
      that the program administrator of the Employee Wage
      Protection Plan may deem that there has been an assignment
      of compensation under that said program in compliance with
      the regulation to the Employment Standards Amendment Act,
      1991 in relation to the Employee Wage Protection Program.




                                                                         47
  ARTICLE 36 – INDIGENOUS CONTENT COMMITMENT
36.01    When a Indigenous employment commitment is established on a
         project, the Employer will meet with the Union and the
         Indigenous representatives to deal with labour relations issues
         prior to the implementation of any commitment. If necessary
         these issues will be dealt with through the Labour Relations
         Committee.

36.02   For a project, or jobs within a project, that are less than $100,000
        field labour, and have Indigenous content commitments, the terms
        of the collective agreement will not apply to those aboriginal
        content commitments.

36.03   The parties acknowledge the traditional lands and treaty territories
        of the Indigenous communities of Ontario and are committed to a
        strong and respectful relationship with participating Indigenous
        communities.

        The parties agree to work together with the Indigenous
        communities proactively towards removing barriers that hinder the
        appropriate participation of Indigenous people in the Building
        Trade Union workforce.

        The terms and conditions of this article may be modified by the
        mutual consent of the Union and EPSCA when they deem it
        prudent.

                     ARTICLE 37 - PREMIUMS
37.01   When an employee covered by this Agreement is required to work
        from a bosun chair, swing stage, he/she will receive an additional
        one dollar ($1.00) per hour for each hour worked.

37.02   When an employee covered by this Agreement is required to
        perform cement finishing, they will receive an additional three
        dollars ($3.00) per hour for each hour worked as a cement
        finisher.

               ARTICLE 38 - ASSOCIATION FUND
38.01   All Employers shall contribute the amount specified on the wage
        schedules for each hour worked by each employee covered by
        this Agreement to the Electrical Power Systems Construction
        Association. The Employer shall remit such contribution in
        accordance with the standard form of remittance supplied by
        EPSCA.




                                                                          48
        ARTICLE 39 - ENABLING CLAUSE-COMPETITIVE
                TRANSMISSION RE-OPENER
39.01    It is understood and agreed by both parties that reasonable steps
         may be made to ensure competitiveness and market share.
         Taking into account such considerations, the terms and conditions
         of this Collective Agreement may be modified by written
         agreement between the Union and EPSCA.

        ARTICLE 40 – LABOUR RELATIONS COMMITTEE
40.01 The parties hereby establish a Labour Relations Committee
      comprised of representatives of EPSCA and the owner(s) and up
      to an equal number of representatives chose by the Union which
      will, upon the request of either party, meet semi-annually to deal
      with Labour Relations issues impacting the relationship between
      the parties.

        ARTICLE 41- CONSTRUCTION CRAFT WORKER
41.01    EPSCA is interested in exploring this concept further, subject to
         the understanding that if the Construction Craft Worker is added to
         the collective agreement, it in no way alters the existing
         jurisdiction of the Union or impacts the jurisdiction of other Unions’
         in the Electrical Power Sector.

         The parties agree to meet and discuss the concept of the
         Construction Craft Worker and its inclusion in this collective
         agreement within 2 months of ratifying the agreement.

    ARTICLE 42 – EQUITY, DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
42.01    The parties are committed to achieving and maintaining a fair and
         representative work force through EDI strategies intended to
         reduce barriers to equity, diversity, and inclusivity in the EPSCA
         sector. To further this goal, EDI initiatives shall be a standing
         agenda item at regularly scheduled meetings between the parties.

              ARTICLE 43 - TERM OF AGREEMENT
43.01    This Agreement shall continue in full force and effect from May 1,
         2025 until April 30, 2030 inclusive, and thereafter it shall be
         considered automatically renewed for successive periods of two
         (2) years unless at least sixty (60) days prior to the end of any two
         (2) year period, either party serves written notice upon the other
         that it desires termination, revision or modification of any provision
         or provisions of this Agreement.




                                                                            49
50
      APPENDIX “A” MOOSE RIVER BASIN: NORTHERN
                      ONTARIO

Where the Employer elects to establish a camp, the following conditions will
apply for employees working in the Moose River Basin:

CAMP CONDITIONS

      (a)    An Employer may elect to provide free room and board in
             camp at no cost to the employee. Where the Employer elects
             to provide a camp such employees will not be entitled to
             receive a daily travel or room and board allowance.

      (b)    Where an Employer does not elect to provide free room and
             board in camp, the employee will be entitled to receive daily
             travel or room and board allowance as set out in Articles
             19.01 and 19.04.

      (c)    An employee who remains in camp on a normally scheduled
             work day on which they do not work will be charged $25.00
             per day unless they are excused from work for a legitimate
             reason by the project medical attendant or an authorized
             representative of the Employer.

      (d)    An employee who is absent from work without approval and
             who remains in camp and is still absent from work the
             following day without approval will be charged $25.00 for the
             day of absence and each successive day of unapproved
             absence.

HOURS OF WORK

(1)   The hours of work will consist of a 21 day cycle of fourteen (14)
      consecutive work days followed by seven (7) consecutive days off.

(2)   Regularly scheduled hours of work of ten (10) hours per day shall be
      paid at straight time hourly rates.

(3)   Regularly scheduled hours of work on Saturday, Sunday,
      Recognized Holidays, and the fifth (5th) consecutive weekday will be
      paid at two (2) times the straight time hourly rate.




                                                                         51
WRAP AROUND

An employee shall qualify for a return trip from the project every second
twenty-one (21) day cycle they are on the project on the following basis:

      (a) If an employee lives within one hundred and eighty-nine (189)
          road-driven kilometres from the project, the Employer shall
          receive forty dollars ($40.00).

      (b) If an employee lives greater than one hundred and eighty-nine
          (189) road-driven kilometres from the project, the Employer
          shall pay as an allowance, forty dollars ($40.00) plus travel time
          based on the equivalent of one (1) hour’s base rate of pay for
          each eighty (80) road-driven kilometres from where the
          employee lives or place of recruitment, whichever is closer to
          the project.




                                                                          52
APPENDIX “B” 7-DAY COVERAGE (LINES AND STATIONS)

       This shift schedule is intended for work greater than two (2) weeks
       in duration; however, it is recognized that unforeseen
       circumstances may require the cancellation of this schedule.

       These provisions will only apply to work performed on Lines and
       Stations as follows:

         •    “for emergency work until the system is restored to the pre-
              emergent state”

       If in the transition onto or off this 7-day shift schedule an employee
       would receive less than 40 paid hours in a pay period, the
       employee shall receive the difference between the total paid hours
       for that pay period and 40 hours’ pay. This does not apply to those
       employees who are laid off during or at the end of the schedule.

       The employee(s) shift schedule consists of four consecutive shifts
       (day, afternoon, or night) followed by four scheduled days off. Shift
       overlap may be required.

       Shift work may be established by the Employer to provide seven
       days per week work coverage, on a one, two, or three shift per day
       basis. When this occurs, a specific shift arrangement will be
       established by the Employer detailing the shift schedule to be
       worked. The Employer will provide the Union with 48 hours’ notice
       prior to the implementation of these shift provisions.

First Shift

       Regularly scheduled hours of work, Monday to Friday inclusive,
       shall be paid at straight time hourly rates.

Second Shift

       Regularly scheduled hours of work, Monday to Friday inclusive,
       shall be paid at straight time hourly rates, plus a shift differential
       which shall be equal to the Shift Differential as found in the
       collective agreement for this shift.

Third Shift

       Regularly scheduled hours of work, Monday to Friday inclusive,
       shall be paid at straight time hourly rates, plus a shift differential
       which shall be equal to the Shift Differential as found in the
       collective agreement for this shift.


                                                                                53
       When this occurs, a revised shift arrangement will be established

All Shifts

       Regularly scheduled hours of work on Saturday, Sunday, Statutory
       and Recognized Holidays shall be paid the appropriate overtime
       rate for that trade. Recognized Holidays will be observed on the
       actual day on which the holiday occurs or as declared by
       legislation.

       The rate for the shift will be based on the day in which the shift
       begins.

       An unpaid lunch period of one-half hour shall be allowed to be
       taken no later than five hours after the commencement of a shift.

       For employees working regularly scheduled hours, two fifteen (15)
       minute rest periods will be allotted at a time and location directed
       by the Employer for employees to rest.

       It may be necessary, from time to time, to vary the established shift
       arrangements. When this occurs, a revised shift arrangement will
       be established




                                                                            54
    LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 1 EMPLOYMENT
                   REFERRALS

                              B E T W E E N:

                                  EPSCA

                                   - and -

               LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                      OF NORTH AMERICA
             ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL



It is agreed by the parties to this understanding, that if required by the
Employer, a member being referred for employment under this agreement
must submit to a reliability screening prior to being referred. Only members
who successfully obtain clearance will be referred for employment in roles
that require such clearance. Once a member has been hired on, they will
receive an allowance of fifty ($50.00) on their first week’s pay cheque, in
consideration of their time spent filing out the security clearance forms. For
clarity, the allowance will only be paid to employees when they have been
hired on and such forms have been required to be filled out.

The Union will be notified, as soon as possible, whether or not an individual
has successfully obtained security clearance. This pre-clearance does not
prohibit the Union from filing a grievance against the Employer on behalf of
any member who is refused employment due to their failure to obtain
security clearance.

Dated on this 25th day of August, 2010

Harold Bartlett                              Ron Martin
_____________________                        ____________________
For the Union                                 For EPSCA




                                                                           55
 STATEMENT OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 2 MOOSE RIVER
                    BASIN

                              B E T W E E N:

                                  EPSCA

                                   - and -


                LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                      OF NORTH AMERICA

            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


Moose river Basin shall be defined as that part of the District of Cochrane,
North of the fiftieth (50th) parallel of latitude which drains into the Moose
River. EPSCA will meet with the Union to discuss and update this portion of
the agreement when work is scheduled for that geographic location

Renewed at Toronto this 25th day of August, 2010.



Harold Bartlett
________________________________
For the Union


Ron Martin
________________________________
For EPSCA




                                                                          56
INN ON THE PARK ACCORD ADDENDUM (attachment)

The signing parties agree that the Inn On The Park Accord Addendum
(“IOPAA”)dated February 6, 1996 is revised to implement the following
changes:
1.   The Parties recognize that all references to Ontario Hydro are
     replaced with Hydro One Inc.
2.   The Parties recognize that Hydro One Inc. replaces Ontario Hydro for
     all purposes of the IOPAA.
3.   The Parties recognize that all references to Labourers’ International
     Union of North Amercia (“LIUNA”) are replaced with the Labourers’
     International Union of North America, Ontario Provincial District
     Council (“LIUNA OPDC”).
4.   The Parties recognize LIUNA OPDC as the BTU signatory party to
     this agreement that replaces LIUNA for all purposes of the IOPAA.
5.   The IOPAA does not apply to joint ventures as per Article 12 and only
     applies to trades work where Hydro One Inc. acts as a contractor as
     per Article 4.01 (1)a the word “Contractor” refers to having a direct
     responsibility for the performance of the trades work versus the
     design or project management components of a job.

Signed this 2nd day of May, 2007

On behalf of

Steve Strome                               Don MacKinnon
____________________                       _____________________
Hydro One Inc.                             Power Workers Union


Harold Bartlett                            Larry Cann
_______________________                    ______________________
Labourers’ International Union                   BTU Chair
Of North America, Ontario
Provincial District Council


                                                                             57
     LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 3 PROTECTIVE
                    CLOTHING
                               B E T W E E N:

                                   EPSCA

                                    - and -

               LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                      OF NORTH AMERICA
             ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


The wearing of high-visibility flame and arc resistant clothing has been
made mandatory on Hydro One construction sites.

In recognition of this requirement, new employees hired will be issued an
initial credit of eight hundred and fifty ($850) for the clothing allotment from
an Employer -approved supplier.

An additional allowance to address specific seasonal or work conditions
may be considered by the Employer and will not be unreasonably denied.

The replacement or major mending of clothing is the responsibility of the
Employer. Employees will be allowed to replace worn or damaged clothing
with alternate items up to the value of the item being replaced.

This LOU does not impact the ability of current LIUNA-represented
employees to have their clothing replaced or mended.

This LOU will expire automatically upon the expiry of the collective
agreement (unless renewed by the parties).




                                                                             58
       LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 4 TRAINING

                              B E T W E E N:


                                  EPSCA



                                   - and -


              LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                     OF NORTH AMERICA
            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


1) The Union shall supply members with standard safety, first aid, CPR and
& AED training.

2) A meeting will be held with one (1) LiUNA Representative from each
Local, four (4) Employer Representatives, and two (2) Representatives from
EPSCA within 60 days of ratification. The purpose of this meeting will be to
review the curriculum of the courses listed in #3 below, currently offered by
the Union’s local training centers and to identify any gaps between the
training and the standards of the Employer.

3) The Union shall supply members effective January 1, 2016 with the
following additional standard training:

a. WHMIS*
b. FORKLIFT
c. FALL PROTECTION/WORKING AT HEIGHTS
d. TRAFFIC CONTROL
e. FIRE SAFETY

* Except Local 1059. Should Local 1059 begin offering WHMIS this
exception becomes null and void

4) The parties agree all training courses provided by the Union must meet
Hydro One’s and/or the Employer’s recognized equivalent.

5) Refreshers/renewals during the course of employment shall be the
responsibility of the Employer

6) Exceptional circumstances shall be discussed between the parties

                                                                          59
 LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 5 IMPLEMENTATION
       OF WAGE SCHEDULE AND AGREEMENT

                             B E T W E E N:


                                 EPSCA


                                  - and -


              LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                     OF NORTH AMERICA
            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL



The parties will have 60 calendar days upon ratification to review, approve
and implement the wage schedule and collective agreement




                                                                        60
    LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 6 ELECTRONIC
    ONBOARDING – HYDRO ONE DIRECT HIRES ONLY
                              B E T W E E N:


                                  EPSCA


                                   - and -


               LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                      OF NORTH AMERICA
             ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL

It is agreed by the parties that a member of the Union being referred for
employment to Hydro One must complete all sign-on/onboarding
electronically prior to the first day of employment. Only members who
successfully complete the electronic sign-on/onboarding process prior to
the first day of employment will be referred by the Union for employment by
Hydro One.

In consideration of their time spent completing Hydro One’s electronic sign-
on/onboarding process prior to the first day of employment, the employee
will be entitled to a payment of $100. To qualify for the payment, the
employee must work for a minimum of eight (8) days or the duration of the
job, whichever is lesser.

Upon mutual agreement, an employee will be permitted to be referred
without completing Hydro One’s sign-on/onboarding process prior to the
first day of employment. In these cases, the employee will not be eligible for
the $100 payment.




                                                                           61
       LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 7 TAXABLE
           ACCOMMODATION BENEFIT (TAB)
                             B E T W E E N:


                                  EPSCA


                                  - and -


              LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                     OF NORTH AMERICA
            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


For the duration of this Letter of Understanding, Article 19.01 g) will be
suspended, and the terms outlined in this LOU will take precedence.

For employees that do not qualify for Room and Board allowance under the
collective agreement in Article 19 and live greater than 110 road-driven
kilometers from the project, they shall receive $100.00 per day worked or
reported for. To qualify, an employee must maintain temporary
accommodation at or near the project site and provide evidence of their
financial commitment. The Employer retains the right to request receipts for
the purpose of verifying ongoing eligibility. For clarity, this is a taxable
allowance, and employees will not be entitled to receive both daily travel
allowance and TAB.

This LOU will come to an end with the collective agreement expiry. The
parties shall convene after November 1, 2027, to assess this LOU.
Subsequently, either party may exercise the option to provide written notice
and opt out of this LOU if the intent is not met.




                                                                         62
      LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 8 SPECIAL
    CONDITIONS FOR NORTH OF THE FRENCH RIVER
                             B E T W E E N:


                                  EPSCA


                                  - and -


              LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                     OF NORTH AMERICA
            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


When an employee working at a location North of the French River who
qualifies for room and board provisions as per Article 19.04 and when the
Employer chooses to provide a good standard of board and lodging in
accordance with Article 19.04 (a) (i), such employees will be paid a meal
allowance of fifty dollars ($50) for each day worked or reported for.

This LOU expires at the end of the collective agreement. The parties shall
convene after November 1, 2027, to assess this LOU. Subsequently, either
party may exercise the option to provide ninety days (90) written notice and
opt out of this LOU if the intent is not met.




                                                                         63
     LETTER OF UNDERSTANDING NO. 9 INDIGENOUS
       EMPLOYMENT PARTNERSHIP (HYDRO ONE)
                             B E T W E E N:


                                EPSCA


                                 - and -


              LABOURERS INTERNATIONAL UNION
                     OF NORTH AMERICA
            ONTARIO PROVINCIAL DISTRICT COUNCIL


 The parties acknowledge the traditional lands and treaty territories of
the Indigenous communities of Ontario and are committed to a strong,
inclusive, meaningful and respectful relationship with participating
Indigenous communities. The parties agree to work together with the
Indigenous communities proactively towards removing barriers that
hinder the appropriate participation of Indigenous people in the Building
Trade Union workforce.

The parties recognize that barriers exist that may prevent or minimize
Indigenous participation in labour participation and contracting. As part
of the parties commitment to advancing real action on reconciliation,
this Agreement is aimed at making progress on this work and actively
working to address historic and current barriers.
Scope / Application
This Agreement shall apply to projects covered by Hydro One’s 50/50
equity partnership (e.g. large scale Transmission component projects
over 100 million dollars) on existing Hydro One property.

The parties agree that this Agreement can also apply to other
Engineering, Procurement, Construct (EPC) greenfield Transmission
projects upon mutual agreement.

Unless otherwise altered by this Agreement, all Articles in the existing
EPSCA Collective Agreement continue to apply.




                                                                       64
Principles
The parties agree to work together in good faith to increase the number of
Indigenous individuals on the Projects including:
(a)   working collaboratively in meeting Indigenous content commitments
      by facilitating the recruitment, acceptance and hiring of Indigenous
      individuals; and
(b)   Introduce the concepts of and utilization of recall and transfer
      provisions for work covered by this Agreement. This could include:
          1. Recall of Indigenous Local Union members who have
             worked on any site covered by this Agreement in the
             previous twelve (12) months from the date of termination
             with the same Employer and who have not been
             employed during that time period of the EPSCA Collective
             Agreement.

          2. Transfer of Indigenous workers between Employers and/or
             between EPSCA sites.

The Union will implement tailored outreach initiatives to engage
Indigenous individuals for the Projects and will make every reasonable
effort to provide the necessary training and development programs to
support their success in the workplace.
For existing Indigenous members of the Union, the Union will make every
reasonable effort to dispatch such members who may be available and
qualified to the Employer to perform the necessary scopes of work.
For established Indigenous Businesses (i.e. at least 51% Indigenous
Ownership by Participating First Nations or Participating First Nations
Members), the Union agrees to take such steps as necessary to
accommodate up to 50% Indigenous employment for Employers engaged
at the Projects, provided such Indigenous personnel join the Union and
are available. In the event Indigenous ownership is less than 51%, the
parties will accept a Band Council Procedure Regulations or Letter of
Direction from Chief and Council or Metis Council (leadership) confirming
an Indigenous Business should ownership be less than 51%.
For Non-Indigenous Businesses, the Union further commits to making
every reasonable effort to meet Hydro One’s workforce needs and
Indigenous hiring commitments, provided the personnel join the Union and
are qualified to perform the scopes of work required.


                                                                         65
Issues arising on the Projects will be addressed as required by the Labour
Relations Committee as provided by Article 40 of the EPSCA Collective
Agreement.
The terms and conditions of this Agreement for projects under this
Agreement may be modified by the mutual consent of the Union and
EPSCA.

EPSCA agrees to partner with the Union to address costs that may be
incurred by the Union as a result of the implementation of this
Agreement.




                                                                        66
