           EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                   Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                          End of Day

Article 1.0 Scope

1.1     This agreement shall apply only to work performed by the Building Trades Unions (BTU)
        notwithstanding the current EPSCA (and/or OPG/Bruce Power) Collective Agreements. This
        agreement shall apply on existing Ontario Power Generation Inc. (OPGI) Nuclear Sites
        (Pickering, Darlington, Bruce) and Bruce Power LP property.

1.2     Unless otherwise altered by this Nuclear Projects Agreement, all Articles in the existing EPSCA
        collective agreement continue to apply.


Article 2.0 Term

2.1     The provisions of this agreement will continue from date of signing of this agreement until
        December 31, 2032 and may be modified only on the mutual consent of the parties in writing.


Article 3.0 No Strike and/or Lockout During the Tenn of Agreement

3.1     There shall be no strike and/or lockout at any of the sites covered by this agreement during the
        term of this agreement.


Article 4.0 Cooperation between Unions to Minimize Disputes

4.1     In recognition of each of the parties entering in this agreement, the "union(s)" agrees not to raid
        the jurisdiction of any other construction trades on sites covered by this agreement.


Article 5.0 Employment• Hiring and Mobility

5.1   REFERRALS

      The name hire ratios set out in the collective agreement shall continue to apply. When workers are
      required on a Project, the Employer may use the following to fill the requirements:

      A) Nuclear Qualified Worker (NQW) Referral *

                     i)    Submitting an Employment Request to the local hiring hall and the union will refer
                           Nuclear Qualified Workers (NQW) who are members of the appropriate hiring
                           hall.
                    ii)    If the local union is unable to fill as per 5.1 (A.i) then they will proceed on a fan
                           out (closest first) basis to refer a NQW from outside the Local
                    iii)   If the local union is unable to fill as per 5.1 (A.ii) then they will proceed on a fan
                           out (closest first) basis to refer a non-NQW who is otherwise a qualified
                           Journeyman or Apprentice (first 2 years of this agreement)
                    iv)    After the first two (2) years of this agreement, only NQW's will be referred.

      * It is the intent of the parties to encourage and promote the completion of Nuclear Qualified
      Worker status amongst members of the unions. During the first two (2) years of this agreement,
      priority will be given to NQW's but referral of NQW's is not a mandatory referral requirement. After

                                                   Page 1 of8
            EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                 Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                        End of Day
      the first two (2) years of this agreement the unions will only refer Nuclear Qualified Workers. Within
      ninety (90) days of the signing of this agreement, the parties shall agree what qualifications apply to
      aNQW.

      B) Recall

      Recall of Local union members who have worked on any site covered by this agreement in the
      previous ninety (90) days from the date of termination with the same employer and who have not
      been employed during that time period.

      An Employer loses the right to Recall employees from a particular Local whenever the Employer
      hires from that Local's out-of-work list.

      If the Employer chooses to bypass employees who are eligible for Recall, the Employer forfeits the
      right to recall those bypassed employees.


5.2     TRANSFERS

      The Employer shall notify the Local Union having jurisdiction over the project prior to transfers being
      utilized.

      A) Transfer between Employers

      Transfer employees already working on a site covered under this agreement between
      Employers, provided both Employers agree.

      Such transfers will be limited to: short term work assignments (14 calendar days); or emergent work
      that may involve specific skill requirements; or radiological dose management. Any disputes that
      cannot be resolved shall be referred to the Project Committee.

      B) Transfer between sites
      Transfer employees who are already employed on a site covered under this agreement to another
        site provided the employees are already Nuclear Qualified Workers and the Local with jurisdiction
        for the work has no Nuclear Qualified Workers available. Employees previously dispatched to a
        project will not be laid off to accommodate such transfers.

      C) Transfer same Employer different sector
      Transfer employees already working for the same Employer between sectors within the
      Jurisdiction of the Local Union provided the employees are already Nuclear Qualified Workers
      (NQWs).

5.3     Notwithstanding the above, should the Employment Request remain unfilled after seven (7) days
        the Employer may use any other means to hire qualified labour. All workers hired on this basis
        shall become members of the appropriate Union within seven (7) days of their first day of
        employment.

Article 6.0 Bumping and Lay-off

6.1     Once a worker is hired onto a site covered by this agreement, travelers and/or permit workers
        shall not be displaced and/or bumped by any other member. Any disputes that cannot be
        resolved shall be referred to the Project Committee.


                                                 Page 2 of8
            EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                 Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                        End of Day
6.2     For reductions of staff, the normal Lay-off procedure will apply. In all cases of Lay-off, the
        remaining employees must be already trained and qualified to perform the remaining work.


Article 7.0 Reporting Location

7.1    The Employer will designate the reporting location(s) according to the nature and location of the
       work.

7.2    All employees will report to the reporting location point at their scheduled start time.


Article 8.0 Breaks

8.1    The Employer will designate break areas, at or immediately adjacent to the workface and
       schedule rest and lunch periods as safe and efficient work scheduling dictates.

        Unless within the immediate vicinity of break areas, there will be instances when a designated
        break area will not allow for consumption of food and/or beverages. Water will be provided in
        designated break areas.

       The Employer will accommodate employees with legitimate medical conditions.


Article 9.0 Project Committee

9.1    The parties agree that early identification and resolution of issues is in the best interests of all. To
       facilitate this, the parties agree as follows:

        a) A Project Committee will be formed for each project site covered under this agreement
        b) The parties will determine the representation, dispute resolution mechanisms and terms of
           reference for each Project Committee covered under this agreement within 90 days of signing
           this agreement.
        c) This Project Committee will deal with disputes and issues in an expeditious manner that have
           not been resolved through the Grievance procedure.
        d) All disputes will be referred to the Project Committee prior to referral to the Ontario Labour
           Relations Board. If the dispute is not resolved within fifteen (15) days of being referred to the
           Project Committee (or unless otherwise mutually agreed to), the matter can be referred to the
           Ontario Labour Relations Board. For disputes referred to the Project Committee, Grievance
           Procedure time limits shall be held in abeyance until dispositioned by the Project Committee.
           Any discussions at the project committee shall be without prejudice to any matters referred to
           the OLRB.
        e) The Project Committee shall not deal with issues and disputes that are intended to be dealt
           with under the Joint Health and Safety Committee (JHSC).




Article 10.0 Stand Off

10.1 When unable to proceed with its work, an Employer may elect to either layoff or standoff part or all
      of its crew.


                                                 Page 3 of 8
            EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                  Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                         End of Day
       (a) Layoff

           If the Employer elects layoff, it shall be carried out in accordance with the provisions of the
           collective agreement. An employee laid off will be issued or provided electronically with a
           Record of Employment indicating "Lay-Off - shortage of work."

       (b) Standoff

          If the Employer elects standoff, it reserves the right to standoff its employees without pay up to
          a maximum of ten (10) consecutive working days. Notification of standoff will be made by the
          Employer during normal working hours. No travel allowance will be paid to the employee for
          the standoff period. Subsistence allowance will only be paid when proof that temporary
          residence is being maintained is provided.

10.2     An employee qualifying for subsistence allowance (subject to 10.1 (b) who is placed on standoff
         will be paid his appropriate subsistence allowance for the duration of the standoff. These days are
         deemed to be non-work days.

         If standoff continues beyond ten (10) consecutive working days, an employee at his option may
         elect to remain on standoff for an additional five (5) consecutive working days or be laid off.

         After fifteen (15) consecutive working days on standoff the employee will be laid off or will return
         to work.

         The parties acknowledge that the above-noted Standoff provision shall be applied to an
         employer's employees equitably subject to the necessity of retaining the necessary skills of
         particular employees.

10.3     On commencement of standoff an employee will be issued a Record of Employment.

10.4     If an employee elects layoff, it shall be carried out in accordance with the terms of the collective
         agreement. An employee laid off will be issued a Record of Employment indicating "Layoff -
         shortage of work" dating back to his first day of standoff.


Article 11.0 Composite Crews

11.1     The use of Composite Crews does not establish precedent or change the appropriate jurisdiction
         of the crafts involved. Composite crews may be formed where conditions warrant, but this is not
         to be construed under regular operating conditions as the Employers prerogative to assign
         workers out of their usual skill classification. The principle of "One Person, One Job" will be used
         to determine composite crews. A composite crew shall normally be determined no later than at
         the Mark-Up Meeting with prior notice to be given to the Local Unions involved.

11.2     The Employer may maintain a variety of skills within its group of employees to be prepared to
         have skills and/or supervision for any type of work that may arise.

11.3     It is understood that all employees will work together harmoniously as a group and as directed by
         the Employer.

11.4     In the event that any jurisdictional disputes shall arise between two or more Unions represented
         by this Agreement, an immediate assignment of the work in question shall be made by the
         Employer representative, based upon decisions and agreements of record or other information
                                                   Page 4 of 8
             EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                  Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                         End of Day
         available. The work is then to continue and, if any of the Unions involved are not satisfied with the
         assignment, the matter shall be referred to the Site Project Committee involved for a decision.

11.5     The Employer and the Unions agree that such assignment of work involved in a jurisdictional
         dispute is imperative to the satisfactory operation of this Agreement and the continued operation
         of Ontario Power Generation and Bruce Power LP Projects.



Article 12.0 Radiation Protection


12.1     The parties recognize that a trained pool of "green qualified" members (Construction Radiation
         Protection Coordinators "RPC's") is critical to project success. The parties will meet annually to
         review, discuss, and identify potential shortfalls and actions to ensure an adequate supply of
         qualified labour. The parties agree to work together to provide and maintain training opportunities
         that are aligned with Project needs.

12.2     While no union has jurisdiction over this role, the employer will undertake to employ RPC's in
         general proportion to the craft jurisdiction of the Project in question.

12.3     At the annual meeting referenced in 12.1 above OPGI, Bruce Power and the Employers will
         provide information regarding projected craft requirements (based on established jurisdiction)
         together with estimated numbers of supporting RPCs. The required training will occur in time so
         that qualified BTU RPCs will be available in time to support upcoming Projects.


Article 13.0 First Nations Commitment

13.1 In addition to the Aboriginal Content provisions in the collective agreement, the Parties agree to
       work together proactively towards removing barriers that hinder appropriate participation of First
       Nations peoples in the BTU workforce on sites covered by this agreement.


Article 14.0 Code of Conduct

14.1     The Parties agree that a Code of Conduct is in the best interests of all stakeholders to ensure
         efficient, productive projects. They also agree that failure to adhere strictly to all Code of Conduct
         provisions is grounds for serious disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal and/or removal
         from the Project. All Employees working under this agreement will be required to follow and
         adhere to the OPGI or Bruce Power LP Code of Conduct.


Article 15.0 Apprenticeship

15.1     The Employer will work with local union's signatory to this Agreement to develop an
         apprenticeship protocol. The intention is that such protocol will include a minimum 20 percent
         "apprentice ratio" applicable to each employer covered by this agreement.

Article 16.0 Socially Progressive Programs

16.1     The parties agree to promote other socially progressive programs (e.g., Helmets to Hardhats,
         Hammerheads, etc.). These programs may vary on a trade-by-trade basis.
                                                  Page 5 of 8
          EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                       End of Day

Letter of Understanding Nuclear Qualified Worker (NQW)fTraining

       The parties recognize that a pool of trained members will benefit all parties to this agreement, the
       industry and the public at large by making the Nuclear industry more competitive.

       The parties recognize that to ensure an adequate supply of members for available employment
       opportunities that it will be necessary to provide and maintain training and upgrading
       opportunities that are aligned with the needs of the industry, the Employer and the members.

       The parties recognize that individual Employers have training standards that are required for all
       workers coming to work at their facilities and that these can be identified. It is understood that it
       is the desire of the parties to track the training records of the members and work towards
       providing trained members to the workplace.

       The parties recognize that to maintain the skills necessary to keep pace with changes in the
       industry (technology and work methods) that it will be necessary to work together to identify these
       changes and to develop the training and upgrading needed to ensure that the members have the
       skills and qualifications to participate in the workplace.

       The parties agree to participate in a training process for unemployed members as follows:

       When it is determined that a requirement can be foreseen for members with particular skills or
       qualifications, the Union will provide the instructors and facilities for Nuclear Qualified Workers
       (NQW) and the members, on their own time, will attend such training courses to acquire such
       skills and/or qualifications. The parties will determine funding for incremental training costs
       incurred by the Union.

       Principles to Govern Initial Start Up

       The parties will meet within thirty (30) days of signing of this agreement to develop a joint training
       committee that will:

               •    Establish training standards for NQW.
               •    Work towards a broader referral application on the agreed upon training.
               •    Develop and implement a standard Nuclear Qualification.
               •    Work towards getting approval of payment of Employment Insurance (El) during the
                    delivery of this training.
                •   Work towards a delivery system that can accommodate the members in their home
                    area (e.g., Computer-Based Training).
                •   Establish training standards and equivalencies.
                •   Establishment and maintenance of ongoing qualifications and related issues.
                •   The parties will explore the inclusion of the Security Clearance process as a part of
                    the NQW.

       The Employer will notify the union of work requests in advance to allow members that do not
       have the required training to attend.

       The parties agree that these courses will be set up and delivered at an appropriate location.

                                                 Page 6 of 8
            EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                       End of Day




Letter of Understanding 1992 Darlington Settlement on Blues

Effective date of ratification of this agreement, the Memorandum of Settlement dated January 12, 1993 is
no longer in effect.

Agreement is subject to the elimination of the Memorandum of Settlement in the majority of all other
Nuclear Project Agreements.




                                                Page 7 of8
              EPSCA Nuclear Projects Agreement in Principle
                                         Sheet Metal - July 22, 2014
                                                End of Day



The parties agree to set up a working committee of 5 Sheet Metal Workers' appointed members and 5
EPSCA appointed members to develop the language to integrate this NPA as an appendix to their
collective agreement

This NPA shall be added as an appendix to the current collective agreement and each renewal collective
agreement occurring during the term of this NPA, and shall remain in force and enforceable until
December 31,2032, notwithstanding the status (enforceability) of any collective agreement to which it
may be appended.




                                                            Dated:_',;;~~--
                                                                             -           I
                                                                                             1
                                                                                                 2-2~~r;2c,~=~I_L.1-1/
                                                                       ,.,.h~v~,,;._'-1,,__-,,;-....
                                                                                                                  I




Electrical Power Systems Construction
Association                               1/                O~o Sheet Meta W:::rs' and Roofers'
                                                            Conference

                                     '0 -
(_ ~-t"'-JJ"" 1'01...\-i~i C11.'111l'.




                                                   Page 8 of 8
